Ready. Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining us again today.
We're excited to be here. We have some things on our heart to pray about.
There are so many of you already here is what I want to say, but we're excited to see you all.
We went to a Billy Burke healing service this week. That's where we were.
If everybody wanted to know, they're like, "How come you're not posting videos?"Well, we're getting refreshed.
And we went down to Fort Worth to see Billy Burke, and it was wonderful. You know, we had great expectations. We did.
I told her, "Man, I cannot wait to go."The first night when we went, we saw so many of you all.
I mean, there were so many people that came from all over the United States to say hello to us and come to the service and everything.
So, you know, with me and Diana, I told her, I said, "I'm not used to being in public and people knowing who I am, especially in a church that's that big."Everybody came up trying to introduce themselves.
I'm a person who is already discerning; I'm trying to see if you're a friend or a foe.
Are you here to be nice to me, or are you going to come against me? So I'm looking at people's eyes.
When there are that many coming, and it's that much of a flood, and I'm having that much of a download trying to find—I told Braden, "That was really awkward,"because I'm not used to that.
Trying to shake everybody's hand and discern what's going on with them, I told Diana, "I'm going to have to practice a lot because I'm not used to it."We're hermits, y'all.
We stay at home a lot because of our daughter. You know, she has special needs she's overcoming, so I'm not used to going out and being in a big crowd like that.
Our little church that we have there in Collinsville only has probably four or five hundred people there on a Sunday.
But when you have thousands of people in an auditorium, it's a big difference for us. But it was so nice to meet you all.
And I want to say, if you're there, I know it's exciting to see us, but I want to tell you, we're just Brandon and Diana.
We appreciate all the honor, and we pray for every single one of you if you want prayer.
But like I said, there were so many people at one time, I told her, "I don't know how to do that next time,"trying to go through everything.
But if you came out there and we prayed for you, where I'm going with that is: if you got prayer and you were in that service, did you receive your healing?
I'm excited to hear, because there were some people that had strokes, folks.
And there were some people battling depression and all kinds of different things that they were going through that they needed a miracle.
They needed a breakthrough in their life. It was exciting to see them. I'm believing that they got touched.
There was one lady, folks, who got touched so much that she could hardly drive home, and she was supposed to help navigate her husband clear back to Austin, Texas.
And she didn't know—she was like she was on another planet. I'm talking about, she had the Holy Ghost all over her.
It was amazing, wasn't it? Yeah. And really nice people from Estonia.
Is that right? Estonia. Braden remembers. But like I said, there were people coming from everywhere.
But I just wanted to say thank you all, always, for being so kind.
To the people from Houston I met who had an air duct system business, they're such a blessing, and we pray over them and so many people.
We met the people with the dogs, you know, so it was really interesting.
It's kind of like our public debut in a sense, since the ministry is really growing, to go out and meet everybody.
But I want to keep kicking that down the road. I mean, we can go over things, but one of the things is really cool. Now, I have to go back. Let me back it up a little bit.
As we were sitting in the back—because the Lord told me, before all this happened, on Wednesday before we left, I was overcoming big time and I was under attack.
I didn't feel good at all. And I told D, "I feel too sick to go. I don't feel like we should go."And she said, "Okay, well, whatever you want to do, babe,"like she always is—she's always so supportive.
And I told her, I said, "Let's pray."And the Lord said, "Brandon, it's a healing service.
Go expect your miracle."And I said, "Yeah, well, duh. We'll go."And so I went and I drove.
It was a long drive. And I told her, I said, "I'm overcoming so bad right now.
I'm going to have to pull over to the side of the road."And so I just kept driving by faith.
I kept standing, I kept quoting the word, I kept believing, just like I teach you all. I was practicing what I preach.
And I got there expecting, but the first night I did not feel the presence of the Lord as strong as what I was wanting, you know, and I'm not disappointed.
It's not Billy Burke's fault. No, it's my receptor, where I was at. I'm going into the atmosphere, and it wasn't—you know.
So the Lord said, "Brandon, I want you to fast."And I said, "You want me to fast?"I said, "Okay, for how long?""Until that night."I said, "Well, that's great.
Okay, well, I'll do it."So I started praying, I started fasting, and the next morning, I woke up and I went to the service, and the glory came on me, and I felt the power of God hit me.
I'm telling you, I started feeling all the symptoms start lifting off of me. I started feeling completely healed.
And I'm telling you, folks, the night before, it was like you could feel it in the atmosphere, and I was hearing it in the spirit realm.
I don't know if this was something new for me. I told Diana, "This is like something because I'm listening, but I can hear things and what the Lord's showing me.
Is this fake? This is real. This is what I'm hearing."And you know me, I am so huge on miracles and the glory and the manifestation of everything.
But I was hearing in the atmosphere the thoughts of—I don't know if it's other people around me or what—"Is this fake?
Is this made up? Is this performance?"And it was bombarding my thoughts.
And the Lord said, "Take authority over the atmosphere."And I thought, "That's interesting.
What are you showing me?"Because you know me, I'm always a student.
Diana and I are always students. We don't have everything figured out, but we want to learn.
And I told her, as we're listening and we're hearing, what are we hearing in the spiritual atmosphere of this auditorium right now?
And I was hearing, "Is this fake? Is this performance? Is this authentic?"All these things. And it was coming, and I personally know this man.
And I'm like, "Of course it is."And I started coming against that, and I was like, "That is demonic,"but it was coming against your thoughts.
And as I'm standing in the back, and that's when I went into the next day and it was still lingering.
That's when the Lord told me, "I want you to fast and pray over this atmosphere."Well, I went in, and we drove around like we do all the time here in Tulsa, driving around our area praying.
Well, I drove around Fort Worth for about seven hours after the service.
My goodness, they've got a lot of work to do. I'm not used to a major city like that.
Sitting in traffic is like going to Tampa, but we were just praying over Fort Worth as we went through there, interceding and praying for the glory to come on that city, praying for a major harvest of souls in the really rough areas.
Well, as we did that, I started feeling the atmosphere change and was just praying for that meeting that night. When we got to the meeting that night, it was packed.
But we sat in the back because the Lord said, 'I want you to sit in the back and pray over this service.'So, we sat towards the back, and Diana and I were just interceding.
We started praying, and you could feel the tangible presence of God; it was so heavy.
Both of us, at the exact same time, felt a crown, like a glory, come over our heads at the exact same time.
I looked at her and said, 'I just felt like a helmet of glory came on my head.'And she said, 'Brandon, I felt it too.'It was amazing, and I felt the glory.
While I was in the back, the Lord said, 'Receive your healing. You don't have to have anybody touch you.
Practice what you preach.'There are so many people who think you have to have someone lay hands on you to receive. No.
When you're in the atmosphere of glory, and the presence of the Lord is there, receive what you're believing for. And the Lord said, 'Believe big.
Believe big.'Even if you're in a service like that and everyone else is getting prayed for, and you feel like you're the only one who isn't, believe God for big things right where you're at.
I'm telling you, it's time to believe Him for big things—exceedingly, abundantly, above all that you dare ask or think.
So, I was sitting back, the power of God came on me, and I was healed.
I'm making this story too long, but after that happened, we were sitting in there and Diana said, 'I can see the mist.
I can see the mist.'Tell them, babe. Yeah, we were sitting in the very back, and I could see this light mist coming all into the room.
You know, when you're in that atmosphere and sitting in it, you don't realize it until it's right on you.
I started looking, and I was like, 'There's a haze in here that wasn't here when we first walked in, right?'And then, all of a sudden, all the fire alarms went off.
We have video of it. I told Braden to tape it—we can't play it because he doesn't have it downloaded yet.
But as we could see the mist, the glory, the presence of the Lord started coming in so strong.
There was a man with cerebral palsy whose hands were all crippled up when he got up there, and the power of God hit his hands and they started straightening out.
He said, 'I haven't been able to ever do this.'I'm telling you, this guy's faith was off the charts.
It melted me because here he is, severely handicapped in the natural, giving God praise for where he's at in his life.
It made me think, 'What do you ever have to complain about when you see somebody overcome?'He was in the midst of his storm, praising God to the point that it challenged me. That was good. It was beautiful.
We saw so many other people who were believing God for a breakthrough, or for many different things—lumps in their chests and all kinds of things get healed—and it was just wonderful.
But as those fire alarms were going off, I do have to make a disclaimer here: I do not know what caused the fire alarms to go off in the service, whether somebody pulled the alarm or whatever.
But we did know before it ever went off, Diana and I both said, 'You can feel the glory; it's in the atmosphere.
You can see a mist or a fog in here.'Later, the fire alarms started going off all throughout the building, and it was live.
I told D, 'Did the glory smoke just set off the fire alarm in the church?'I think it did, but you don't want to say that because somebody could have pulled the alarm.
But between us thousands of people, I want to say it was the glory that set off that fire alarm.
It was just too cool because I didn't want to be hyperspiritual or try to create sensationalism.
I just know I'm expecting God to do something big, aren't you?
I'm expecting God to show up and show off in this month of September.
The Lord told me as I was sitting there, 'Brandon, what you're seeing is a spiritual arsonist.
Billy Burke is a spiritual arsonist; he goes and causes fires in these services.'And He said, 'This is what I want you to be—a spiritual arsonist for the Lord, causing fires by the Holy Ghost, stirring people up, and getting them ready for the soon return of the Lord Jesus Christ.'It's time for you to be excited because God is about to show up and show off in your life, and I want you to believe Him for big things tonight.
I want you to believe Him that what's impossible in your life will soon become possible.
I'm just believing right now with you for your miracle, for your creative miracle, whatever you may need in your life.
I told Diana, 'I'm tired of always having this attitude of, well, we're just waiting for it to happen.
We're ready for the manifestation now.'And Billy Burke said something really cool about it. Braden, tell them what he said about the grocery cart.
Yeah, the analogy he had was amazing because he was saying how people don't have that bulldog tenacity about their healing and what Jesus did for us on the cross.
He said whenever you go into a grocery store, you put all your groceries in that cart.
You don't own the cart, and you don't own the groceries yet—you haven't even paid for them.
But if somebody walks up and tries to push your cart away, you're like, 'Hey, that's mine!'You will fight them over that, but you don't even own it yet.
So, that's what he was saying: it's not even yours yet, but Jesus already paid it all.
Since He paid the price, we should have that same bulldog tenacity of faith over our healing. I thought it was an amazing analogy.
Even when you don't have the full manifestation yet—it's like you don't have the groceries in your house yet, you just have them in your buggy and you're pushing them around—if someone came up and tried to grab your bread or your eggs out of that cart, you'd go, 'Hey, hold on, those are my eggs!'You haven't even purchased them yet, but you're bold enough to tell people, 'Those are my eggs.'Well, I want you to look at your healing the same way.
That's my healing. Yes, that's my deliverance. You may not have the full manifestation of what you're believing God for, ladies and gentlemen, but you got to have that.
That's mine regardless if I'm seeing it or walking in the fruit of it.
What's in my spiritual cart belongs to me. I have this, and I'm going to walk in it because God paid the price.
Jesus paid the price for you to walk in total victory in your life.
He paid the price. Nothing's too big, and nothing's too small. Jesus paid the price for you to have it all.
And we allow the enemy to come in and try to rob us, even like what I was doing on Wednesday.
Yeah, I don't want to go to the healing service. I'm overcoming. It's a healing service.
And I was like, 'You know, okay, believe God in the healing service.'And so we went.
And so, you know, it's just trying to go through these things and say, 'You know what?
We got it. We can believe God, too.'Just like this. You know what I'm saying?
What I'm trying to do is paint it to you all that Brandon and Diana are believing just like you all are. We're just believing for stuff just like you all are.
And when I'm overcoming in my body, and my flesh wanted to lay in bed and feel sorry for myself, the Lord said, 'I want you to do this.
I want you to go by faith. I want you to speak to it.'And it wasn't something that was contagious. I was overcoming something with my own flesh.
And you know, it's like, 'Well, thanks a lot for spreading your bug around.'No, it wasn't a bug.
It wasn't anything like that. It was something I was overcoming.
And so I told Diana, I said, 'Let's do this by faith.'And we did it.
And I got what I was believing for. And it's the glory. The glory.
And I'm telling you, we're never looking for a person. I'm going to tell you this: it's not the person, it's Jesus.
And Jesus shows up. And I believe expectation brings the manifestation of what you're believing for.
And some people get frustrated. They go, 'Oh, you know, I don't like the way he did this.
I don't like the way...'I don't like the way everybody does everything either, folks, but I'm just believing in an atmosphere of expectation that manifestation is coming.
I don't care what church it is. You know, I'm just believing God. I'm seeking Jesus at that point, not getting distracted.
It's like going up, and after we felt the cloud I think, you know, we felt all that glory, and we felt the presence of the Lord so strong.
I told her, I said, 'I feel like if I wouldn't have come, I would have been so disappointed.
I would have been so disappointed.'When you have your antenna of expectation up to believe God...
So, and the other thing was, remember I told you all that we would start to see major generals start to go home.
And not every single one that goes home is bad. No. Some—and I'm not going to say any of these people are bad, folks, no.
They've—some of the people that I've seen, because they've opened some doors, they would go home early.
But that doesn't make you a bad person. That just makes you human, right?
You know, people mess up. That's what I'm talking about. But in this case, one of—a dear sister—she went home.
I told you, a prayer general—I'm talking a major, major, huge prayer general—went home yesterday.
And it went along with what the Lord is showing me about the elders going home and the young generation rising up.
We have to take the baton of prayer. Everything we do is birthed out of prayer in the spirit realm for these last days in this last revival.
And that's why the Lord called us. He said, 'Raise up this million men and women prayer army.'And our condolences go out to Patsy Cameneti.
Her—she went home to be with the Lord, and she was one of Brother Hagin's—he trained her up, and she did prayer at his ministry, and she was a general, and she went home.
I think she was 67, really too young to go home. 67 years old, and our condolences go out to the family.
I know it's hard, but I believe we're going to see her sooner than you all realize.
Yes. For Jesus Christ is coming. Yes. Jesus Christ is coming.
As I sat there in those services, he said, 'Where's more expectation, the urgency of my return?'We've heard it, and we become so desensitized to, 'Well, yeah, Jesus is coming,'because, you know, the disciples said he was coming and all those people.
We've heard it for so long, so you become desensitized to the coming of the Lord. You become desensitized because we've heard it so much.
But the Lord told me, he said, 'You need to have your expectations heightened right now for a major harvest of souls and the glory for the coming of the King.
For the coming of the King.'I told her, I said, 'I just have—you can sense it in the atmosphere.'September, when we crossed over into September...
I think tonight's the blood moon, right? Is it tonight, y'all?
I believe it goes in on the sixth, so it's tomorrow. So, tomorrow night is the blood moon.
So, then President Trump posted his thing on Truth Social, and he starts telling everybody that he saw that India, Russia, and China are all becoming buddies.
Now, this is exactly what the Lord told us in 2023. If you remember, he told us this was coming: an alliance with BRICS nations, and then I saw Saudi Arabia coming.
I saw Venezuela coming. They were going to offer an olive branch of peace to Venezuela to get them out from underneath the Western sanctions and all the stipulations, right?
But they were trying to back their currency to make it digital, to make it all these things with certain oil and all this different stuff.
So now we see the United States say, 'Well, it's about drugs, and we're stopping drugs, and we're making a good cause for that.'But the Lord said to us in the last video, there's much more to what's going on with Venezuela than what you can see with the natural eye.
And when I was typing it out and I told Braden in the post, he said, 'Daddy, what's the title of this?
You heard it here first.'I'm not talking about out of all the prophetic voices.
I'm talking about before the news. We're not in competition with prophetic voices.
We're a family. We have to work together. It's all hands on deck right now.
And it isn't so-and-so's ministry versus so-and-so's ministry, or this one against that one.
It's all hands on deck working as a family. We don't have time for pettiness.
What I'm trying to say is it's before the news. It's before CNN. It's before Fox.
We told you here first, folks, before Fox talked about it and before CNN talked about it, because we want to become the news.
The prophetic voice has to rise up and become accurate enough that we're the news, that the spiritual—I told you there's too much spiritual static.
'Prophet so-and-so says it's September 23rd.'So are you going to combat what he's saying?
No. God bless him. I'm not here to ever talk that way about another brother.
Love takes no account of suffered wrong. Love doesn't do that.
Love believes the best of every person regardless of how it happens.
And that's why I say she has to correct me because I get cranky about things sometimes, you know, in my own flesh.
And the Lord told me, he said, 'Love doesn't do that. Love doesn't do that.'And thank God for friends.
You know, when they tell you, 'Love wouldn't say that.''Yeah, that's right. Keep going. Keep going.
We got to walk in love.'Because the fruit of all what we're—the expectation—because God is love. Faith works by love.
And if you're not walking in love, and if you're not doing what love would do, your faith's not going to be working right because faith works by love.
So, if you're believing God for finances, if you're believing God for your miracle, if you're believing and you're in strife all the time, well, this person said this, and I'm telling you, it's easy in the position that we are in right now to get offended at a lot of folks.
And there's days that I have been, and I go, 'Man, my flesh is burning.
I want to say something so bad. I'm going live.'And D goes, 'No, you're not.
You're sitting down.'I said, 'You know...'She goes, 'You're sitting down.'And she goes, 'I'm taking your phone.'And I said, 'It's time to walk in love.
It's time to walk in love.'Regardless of whoever says whatever, you've got to learn how to walk in love.
And I'm telling you, that's where it is. But why? Because faith works by love.
And I don't have any time for my faith not to be working like it's supposed to.
I need my faith working like a bunch of horses. You know, like you have a horse army that's pulling your buggy.
I'm going, 'Well, you got to have that faith working like a Clydesdale.'I don't have time for my faith to be working like a little Shetland pony, one of those little bitty ponies running down the road.
I need everything I've got right now to pull for what we're believing for.
Yes. It's time to believe God for bigger and expecting for...
bigger, better. Sorry. No, we don't want her to get bigger. We want her to get better.
Live. Rewind, Braden. Cut that out. I just thought I would bring those things out.
What we're seeing in the news about Brother Trump. I don't know why I call him Brother Trump all the time, y'all.
I've been calling him Brother Trump all the time, but he's President Trump. I call him Brother Trump.
Bonnie goes, 'Brother who?'I said, 'Brother Trump, you know, Brother Trump.'And she goes, 'Oh, Brandon.'I say, 'Yeah, well, he's a brother in the Lord, right?
We're going to believe God for him. He's going to get radically saved.
I'm calling those things that be not as though they were, and I don't even realize I'm doing it.
I'm saying, 'Brother Trump's coming to Jesus, and he's going to have a radical visitation from Jesus.'And so, we're calling him Brother Trump around here.
I don't even... I mess it up and I say it all the time. I go, 'Brother Trump, I wonder how he's doing today. Is he okay?
I've been praying for his heart.'So, I appreciate y'all praying for him because the Lord told us, 'I see breakthrough. I see breakthrough.
I'm seeing breakthrough.'And so, the other part was making these big decisions concerning September, that he would stand for Israel and that we would have peace and all these other things concerning Israel, and that the war...
I keep praying for a de-escalation of war, praying for a de-escalation and the Russia thing.
But as we saw, is it Modi? Yeah, I think so. Modi and Vladimir holding hands.
Now, I don't know very many men holding hands as they walk down the hall together.
I mean, if that's not a sign of unity, I don't know what is, because I don't hold dudes'hands walking down the hall.
I don't care who you are. We're not holding hands. But I'm just being real with you. And so them holding hands was a really big deal to me.
And I know they're not batting for the other team, they're straight, but it's just being real.
But you know, them doing that is a display, a display, golly, of unity.
It's showing strength. I'm live. I shouldn't have said that.
Woo! Blooper, blooper! But, you know, not sorry. That's not funny.
Braden, start laughing over here. So there, oh my goodness.
So you have the giggles now. I'm sorry. I'm trying to... It's professional.
'Drill, baby, drill.'Yeah, thanks. Drill, baby, drill. I'm sorry, I'm really... help me out here. Drill.
We're talking about the next thing is we're talking about with the Trump all-time high oil production.
Yeah, all-time. Yeah. There's an article that we posted about the all-time high oil production.
I can't even say oil right. But okay. Just like what the Lord said. Yeah, 'Drill, baby, drill.'That he would say that.
And it's 'Drill, baby, drill.'And so we see that he's doing that.
It's coming out in articles all over... I'm drawing it really hard.
Oh my goodness. You're putting the pressure on me. Okay. Oh Lord.
Holy Spirit, you're going to have to tell me. So, US oil production hits all-time high.
I shouldn't have gone live with this one. I believe we could have... got to go. He posted the article, and then... Yeah.
It's just like what the Lord said whenever on that video, 'A Glimpse into 2026.'Yep.
Yeah. And the Golden Foundation. Yeah. Yeah. Trump was pointing to the foundation.
Yeah. So, sorry y'all. That's awkward. When the Lord showed him that the thin layer, it won't last for long.
It wasn't very much. And that's when the Lord said, 'Line your pockets.
Line your pockets.'And he told us, he said, 'The wave won't last forever.'Now, as we see this wave that's coming, I believe with all my heart we're about to see a major wave of financial blessing on the people.
And so, as we see this wave... you can't look at me. I'm trying really hard to pick up here.
You can't look at me. Yeah, I'm going to start laughing again.
It's not enough to build a house on, but it's enough to line your pockets.
Yes, that's exactly right. Yes. So, you got to ride the wave.
You got to ride the wave. And so, the wave... you got it. Yeah, okay.
The wave, man. Maybe that's the Holy Ghost, Diana. I'm telling you.
That was on the video where the Lord showed him an attempt on Don Jr.'s life, right?
Yeah, right. That was a call to the foundation of the gold. The foundation of the gold was not that thick.
And the Lord said it wasn't enough to build a house on, but it's enough to fill your pockets.
Yeah. He said, 'Believe for this time frame going into...'Don't look at me, baby.
You're making me see your eyes. You're making me laugh. Okay.
Going through 2026 and believing God for great finances for your household. Yes.
And so, I'm telling you, I mean, I have expectation that the rest of 2025 and going into 2026 for the wealth transfer for the body.
We have to have this for the souls. We have to have this for this outpouring.
And the Lord told us, he said, 'Brandon, remember when I told you last October, because whenever I saw the financial crisis coming, and I saw that it said...'the dam was on it.
It said, 'US economy'and he said, 'I'm delaying this because of the prayers of the people.
I'm delaying this and I'm giving you a window because of this.'And as we were praying into this in October of last year before the election, he said, 'I'm giving you more time.
I want a great harvest. What will you do with this time?'He said, 'Remember?'And he told us, he said, 'I'm going to delay things. I want you to pray into it.
I want you to pray into a financial blessing on the church, on the remnant for a great harvest of souls.'All of the prayers, as we pray, as the body of Christ prays, as we humble ourselves and pray and turn from our wicked ways, then we will hear from heaven and he said he would heal our land.
So as we prayed in October as Americans and we prayed as the body, as we had that huge prayer thing and, in Washington, DC, they had that huge prayer gathering and everybody prayed.
They were all praying for Trump to win. They were praying for Kamala Harris not to win. So we all interceded and we prayed.
Then it changed, and the Lord showed me, even when we had the prayer conference at Sister Billie's, everybody was interceding.
We were praying for change. Now what will you do with it? Will you keep your foot on the gas or will you let off?
And that's why the Lord said, "Do not become so complacent with this season of victory where you see it."And that's why he told me—he started talking to me about 2026 and the election.
Praying into the Senate and the House, that we keep the Senate and the House in the days ahead, because I saw a stalemate government again, a stalemate presidency, that he wasn't able to do anything.
And the Lord said, "Pray for this, y'all."That's why I saw Oklahoma divided, and I saw from out this to—and this is the area where I live.
So I pray in this area because Governor Stitt is almost done, and we want a God-fearing man or woman in that position of authority.
We don't want anybody that will put bad laws, especially for what the Lord has showed me. Praying for your governor's race. This is a big one.
For your mayors, for whoever your state senators are, praying for good leaders for what is about to happen for you, what good leaders in these positions of authority going into 2027 and 2028, okay?
Because this is the timeframe that I saw a major shaking still coming.
Major shaking going into the next Shemitah, getting ready for this next Shemitah cycle. Praying for the revival for the next three years.
Praying for this revival to take off, for the next Shemitah cycle to take place, that I'm believing for the rapture of the church.
I'm just believing that we're not here for another seven years of another Shemitah cycle, and then going into 2032.
No, it's further than that, 2034. I think it's 2032, okay. I believe I could be wrong, so seven years after that.
So it's not something we—I'm like, "Man, let's do this."Now, wouldn't it be amazing if Jesus Christ comes?
And there's a lot of you that are still saying, "Brandon's coming on the 23rd of this month."I personally, like I've told you all a bunch of times, I do not believe the rapture of the church is coming on September 23rd.
I believe we have work to do. I believe there's a lot of people.
By the way, on our South Korean channel, we had over 350 people get born again in South Korea. Now, that's huge.
I don't know if they're non-believers, Buddhists, or whatever, but from what I understand, some of them were Buddhists and some of them were just not believers.
But they clicked on our channel and they started watching our videos, and the power of God came on them.
They gave their hearts to Jesus Christ—over 300 in one day. One day.
Do you understand this? The Lord said, "I have not forgotten my Asians. I have not forgotten the Asians.
Brandon, there will be a great move of God that goes all throughout Asia."And I'm telling you, he already told us that we would preach the gospel throughout the whole world, then the end will come.
And I'm talking about not only for China, for South Korea, North Korea—I'm believing God for North Korea.
I'm believing God for the Philippines. I'm believing for all these people to have an opportunity to make a choice.
But we know there's a major revival. We know you can sense it.
You can feel it. I have an expectation for the manifestations of the glory.
As we go to these healing services, the atmosphere is charged with it.
And you can see all the things that I'm warning you are coming, warning you about Venezuela and Cuba.
An olive branch of peace is going to be extended to Cuba in the days ahead, and you will see a blade of growth.
And we're not talking about an olive branch; I'm talking about financial blessing, financial, and you'll see green come up out of the middle of Cuba, is what I saw coming for the first time in forever, for an opportunity to come out from underneath the Western boot for economic development.
And I saw Russia with new subs, nuclear base things, trying to come into Cuba.
And that's whenever I've warned you all about in the middle of the night—watching in the middle—I saw trafficking in the middle of the night through these areas.
And the Lord warned us, and I remember I saw the dragon went down into the water and dipped three times.
And it was a purple dragon with white around its eyes and had purple on its face.
And it was like a lavender-looking color. And I said, "Lord, what is this dragon?"It dipped three times.
I'm still praying over these—these are little cues that the Lord gives us about the major events that are to come.
Dragons in the water and all this, I'm thinking, "Lord, this is really interesting."But it looked like a Chinese dragon, you know, like their symbol for the Chinese New Year.
Yeah, it looked like one of those. But it was a purple, lavender color with dark purple and white, and it went into the water three times. And it was coming out of the Cuba area.
As we drove through Fort Worth, the Lord told me, he said, "Where's the urgency?"with the people, warning the people as loud as you can with a voice like a trumpet, screaming from the mountaintops that Jesus Christ is coming.
Even in the churches, there's not enough urgency. The Lord said there's not enough urgency about the soon return of the Lord Jesus Christ.
And as you drive around, you don't feel the urgency in the people.
They don't know that in just a couple—I'm going to say just like it was in the days of Noah.
They didn't know that the ark door was going to close and that the rain was going to start to fall.
And though the Bible tells us, "As in the days of Noah, so will it be,"they didn't know that within a 24-hour period that ark was going to close, and they weren't going to have an opportunity to get on that boat.
They had a hundred years of preparation, of him warning them.
From what I understand, the Bible says we had a hundred years of him warning, "There's a flood coming, there's a flood coming,"and then all of a sudden, the ark doors were closed.
And guess what? It was too late. In a 24-hour period, Lot didn't know that Sodom and Gomorrah was going to be judged because he was too familiar with Sodom and Gomorrah.
And there are many of you that have become too familiar with your surroundings and the Sodom and Gomorrah in your area.
It's time to come out from among them and be the salt and the light.
We must stand for what's right in these last days and have a backbone like a crowbar, telling people that Jesus Christ is coming, and be all in.
We must be all in. We must be sold out to Jesus in these last days and lay hands on the sick and see them recover, cast out devils.
I'm telling you, we don't ever hear about people casting out devils anymore.
But it happened so much in the Bible, and we go, "Where did they all go?
Do you think they went into hibernation?"No, they're hiding in people, they're messing with people.
And it has become so seeker-friendly that we don't even talk about having deliverance anymore. People don't even talk about people getting free anymore.
Well, they're bound with this, and they're bound with that, and they're dealing with drugs, or they're dealing with pornography, or they're dealing with alcohol.
They're dealing with all this stuff. And you go, "They didn't just go away."Do you understand?
All the devils in the Bible and all these—you hear about it with Lester Sumrall and there's a bunch of old generals that always did it all the time.
But you don't hear about it nowadays that often, deliverance ministry.
But the Lord told me, he said, "Great deliverance ministry is coming back.
You're going to see people get set free of all kinds of stuff."It's all hands on deck, and it's time.
The harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few, and it's time to get serious and radical about what God has called us to.
As I watched in those services, like I said, the first night was like, "Eh."The middle service was a little better, but the last one was like a ballpark home run.
And you go, "Man, if you would not have stayed for the whole thing..."Because for me, I thought, after the first night, those bombardments of thoughts—because you have to recognize when the enemy is trying to come in and lie to you and say, "Oh, there's nothing here.
This is all put on. This is fake."Personally, like I said, I know the man and I know it's authentic, but the Lord was trying to tell me something.
This is what people deal with when they go into those services, with all those bombardments of the demonic on their thoughts.
And so you have to come against that, casting down every high imagination that exalts itself above the word of God.
You have to cast that down and you have to go, "Well, you know what?"And of course, there will be fake ones.
The Lord already told Diana, and we've already heard it, that there will be demonstrations and manifestations of the demonic trying to snare people if they start preaching other than Jesus Christ as King, other than Jesus Christ as Lord.
If they preach a universal gospel, and they're walking in signs and wonders and you think they're seeing something, it's demonic.
It's fake. Because I'm telling you, the only true miracles, the only true demonstrations, the manifestation of the glory is Jesus Christ.
There is no other way. But there will try to be false things. Yes.
I've got to go check on our chicken. The Holy Spirit just reminded me of it.
I'm cooking a chicken on the stove. Oh, I forgot. The Holy Spirit just reminded me while I'm talking.
You talk to them; I'll be right back. Oh my goodness, yes. So, yeah.
We put it on a video a while back about how I had a dream that in the end times, in the last days, there will be people that will do demonstrations, and it'll be just like they'll try to copycat what the real works that the Lord is doing are.
So it'll appear to be real signs and wonders, but it's not. It's counterfeit, not the real thing.
So just like you said, in the end times, there will be a lot of false things.
We know His voice, and a stranger's voice we don't follow. So we will know our Master and know His voice.
Sorry, that's awkward. Hey, you know what? We're just real.
We're cooking up in here. We don't want to mess up our dinner. I'm cooking a chicken.
I had it boiling, and the Lord said, "You better put some water in that pot."I thought, "Oh, yeah, that's probably a smart idea."We don't want to burn it.
Oh my goodness. Hey, you know what? We're real and raw tonight, y'all.
It's good, a little hectic, too. You don't want to burn your chicken.
For the vegans out there, it's cabbage, don't worry. All right, what was I saying?
Talking about how the Lord gave me that dream about authentic moves of God versus copycat counterfeits.
Yeah, counterfeits. So I hope you all know that not everything you're going to see is authentic.
And that's what I'm trying to tell you all. You have to have great discernment in these last days.
There's too much static in the air. Great deception is happening.
And there's only certain people that I will even glean from and listen to. I'm talking prophetically.
If you're in my Rolodex of people that I talk to, it's because I feel that I can trust you.
If not, I don't allow everybody to speak. I don't, and you shouldn't allow everybody to speak either.
You need to be having great discernment in these last days and get into this Bible until it becomes real to you.
Especially in this AI generation where everybody is using AI to make people seem like they're saying things and they're not really saying them.
Like when I go look on Kathryn Kuhlman and I try to find a video on YouTube now, there's so many videos out there of false AI things making her, using her voice to make her say things she never said.
We have to use Holy Ghost discernment so much nowadays. It's a way different generation than it used to be.
So, it's very necessary. Did you like the suits that I wore in my thumbnails on those videos?
I got persecuted because I had a Chanel outfit, and nothing wrong with anybody who wants a Louis Vuitton.
I don't buy any ten-thousand-dollar suit. I'm just saying, listen to me. That's crazy.
But a majority of you believed it, and we got the emails: "I can't believe you would take the money and go and buy it."I didn't buy anything.
We just have an amazing—I'm trying to tell you something, this is where I was at with that, warning the people that everything you see on the internet could be fake.
And having a suit like that happened through the whole video—it never happened.
No, it never happened. But that's how good AI is getting. It's amazing.
Braden said, "Hey, Daddy, I can make you wear a kimono. I can make you wear a Chinese kimono-looking thing and wear it.
It's red. What color do you want it to be, and with what designs?"And he made it on there, and it made me look like I was Asian.
There you go, thank you, Asian. And it made me look like that. And I said, "That is amazing.
Look at that, look how clear that is."Yeah, so I'm trying to tell you all, there will be a lot of things that you're going to see in the days ahead that will look real, with alien invasions.
See, you got me on the right track. This goes right back into the prophetic; we're just so connected.
But you see, alien invasions are coming that are false. This is demonic.
What's about to happen is demonic, and you're going to see something that's going to make you think that it's real.
And what's going to happen is a great deception. You must have your spiritual antennas up, for even the elect will be deceived, if it were possible.
That's what the scripture says, "if it were possible, even the elect."So that means even the people who think they're the sharpest possible, you're talking about people who think they have a lot going for them spiritually, even they would.
How is that possible? Because you believed I was wearing a Louis Vuitton suit when I didn't.
It's becoming clear how it's going to happen. Back twenty years ago, we didn't know.
We used to think it would be like 3D imaging, like holograms.
That's what we used to think back in the nineties when I was a kid, or even like Left Behind or Obi-Wan Kenobi, "Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi, you're our only hope,"with holograms.
That's what we always thought, but it's going to be so easy now that you can see how they're going to do it. AI, the new industrial revolution, is upon us.
We pray for Patsy's family, for Mark Hankins and Brenda Hankins and her husband Tom, I think is his name.
Tom, that's the family. They're going through a lot, and I'm sure they're grieving big time for her.
We pray for peace that passes all understanding over their hearts, their ministry, and their minds. She was a pillar.
For somebody to get promoted and go home, they leave that hole, and God's going to raise up new people, but right now they grieve.
We grieve for that family, and we know that it's hard when you lose somebody right now for this season, when you don't have them here and your heart is heavy.
So we pray peace for them. It's a comfort for their families during this time. I know it's very hard.
And I know the Holy Spirit—grandchildren probably—we know the Holy Spirit, when we go through hard times like that, is an ever-present help in a time of need.
And I believe that for every single one of you. There were people there last night who were grieving over their daughter dying.
And I prayed over them and prayed for them, you know. People have the valley; He said we would walk through it, He didn't say that we wouldn't experience it at all. In the valley of the shadow of death, we will fear no evil.
And when you go through those valleys in life, like when we've been with Megan and we see these people and they go, 'Man, we're having all these issues and the valley is hard,'it's real.
It's real. And I think a lot of times—I don't like the 'spiritual'people, and a lot of times in the circles that we're familiar with, they don't tell you about the struggle that much.
They don't tell you about how their body is overcoming. They won't even talk about it.
They won't tell you what's going on with their lives because they don't want to; they don't speak it out, of course. But a lot of times, I feel like it does a disservice.
You need to know how to believe God through your valley, how to speak to your mountain when you're going through, and the storms of life are coming, and you've got a hurricane all the way around you, and you feel like you're the only one going through it.
I'm telling you, there's a lot of people going through a lot of stuff.
They may not always talk about it, but everyone has their stuff.
Everybody has stuff they're going through. We're still walking through ours.
We're believing God. Megan's getting better and better, y'all.
We're believing God for Megan. And there are other things we're believing for.
Don't sit there and go, 'Well, it's just Megan.'No, we're believing for a lot of things.
But I want to tell you, after you come across some of the people that we did this week, we're just human just like you all are.
And we're excited, you're excited, but I want to tell you, we put our pants on just the same way you do.
We eat the same thing you do. We take a bath because we stink just like you do.
And I'm going to tell you that if Jesus can do it for us, and where He's brought us out of...
being where I was, as I was sitting in that auditorium, I used to clean it.
I would spend hours cleaning it. I would spend hours cleaning all the bathrooms.
And I glean from where I used to be and where God has brought us now.
If He could do it for me, ladies and gentlemen, He can do it for you.
If Jesus can touch my life and turn my mess into a message, I'm telling you, He can turn your mess into a message.
If you just be willing and obedient, you'll eat the good of the land.
And I'm telling you, it's where it came from: a seed at a time.
When we used to say, 'God, if I sow a dollar, if I had a dollar, if I sowed $5, if I had whatever, I believe Him for a harvest to be where I'm at right now.'And it took years, but it's the faith of persistence and saying, 'I believe that God's going to turn this around.'And it doesn't happen overnight a lot of times.
It's the drip that keeps on dripping on that rock that makes the indentation in a cave over how long?
A long time. It's the drip that keeps on dripping, one at a time.
It's how many times you confess it. How many times do you pray over it?
How many times you keep knocking, you keep pursuing? If you keep seeking, if you keep going...
and it's like people go, 'Well, I've prayed over it, Brandon, for a couple of days.'Try 25, twenty-some years for something!
You sit there and you pray over something and you don't see anything.
For the first couple of years, you're going, 'Man, I know I'm gaining ground,'but you may not see it in the natural too much.
And then all of a sudden, those roots that went so deep into the ground... I told her, I said, 'It's how long it takes for a bamboo.
The roots go way down for a long time, and then all of a sudden it has radical growth.
Radical growth.'But you never see the roots growing down because it's getting a foundation.
And that's where a lot of you are: you're getting your foundation.
Your roots are growing down in faith; your roots are growing down, and you're about to see an explosion of growth coming upward.
Everybody's going to see it overnight, and they're going to say, 'Boy, you are an overnight success.'You say, 'No, you don't know how far my root went down.
You don't know how far my root went down.'And I'm just going to tell you, it's time for you to not give up on what you've been believing for.
Be persistent. We are; we're still believing, even in the midst of all our stuff we go through, and people won't have a clue.
Fight the good fight. This whole thing's new to us—this side of the coin of it, is what I'm going to say.
We were the grunts for a long time: the janitors, the person counting the offerings, opening the letters and counting the offerings, reading the letters, putting the data in there.
We did it for twenty-some years. And then to be on this side of it is a lot of spiritual pressure.
The Lord told me, He said, 'I brought you to another place to die even more.
You thought you died back there as a janitor; this is even more of a death—dying to self when you feel, "Well, I have this and I have that,"and people should honor that.'And then the Lord said, 'Die to that.
Die to that. Go back to being like the janitor. You clean and do exactly what I've called you to do.
Keep cultivating that.'I'm telling you folks, you die at every level.
You die at every level. Dying to self is what I'm talking about—dying to self.
And you think, 'Well, I'm going to get over this, and I've got this now,'and the Lord says, 'No, do you see that area right there?
You're going to have to die a little bit more in that area right there.
Surrender. Keep surrendering.'But we're going to take communion and pray.
Do you want to pray with us? You can pray with us. How many people here? Oh, 4,443. Father, we just thank You for the body right now.
We lift it up before You, Father, and we thank You for all that You've done for us, for this is the meal that heals.
And we believe, Father, that we receive what we're believing for right now, that by His stripes we're healed.
Every single one of us, I'm sure, has something we're believing for.
So, Father, right now, Diana and I are in agreement with them that we'll be there, too.
That everything they put their hands to will prosper. Everything they touch is overflow.
Father, this is a season of when You show up and show off in our lives, God.
And we believe right now in the name of Jesus that we're healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus in every area of our lives—spiritually, physically, financially—and we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for it.
Amen and amen. Thank you, Lord. Now, Lord, we plead the blood of Jesus over us, Father, as we pray.
We plead the blood over our eyes and over our ears, and over us, that we hear Your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We take authority over the demonic spirits that would try to snare us in any way, and we just lift up this time of prayer.
And we thank You, Lord, that we hear You, and Father, You show us that which is to come in the name of Jesus. And we plead the blood over our sins today, God.
You said if we confess our sins, you are faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
And Father, we believe right now in the name of Jesus that all our sins are washed in the blood. And we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over us right now—all around this house, all around our children, all around our finances, all around our car, all around everything.
I cover us in the blood in the name of Jesus. And I thank you, Lord, for what you've done for us by that blood.
Amen and amen. That's how we take communion. You say, 'Well, that's not right.'Well, that's how we do it.
I told Diana when we were praying, we were talking about how the Lord started showing us about prosperity in your soul.
'Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.'And he said, 'Brandon, you can take herbs, all these things.'He gave us all these different vitamins and all these things at the health food store to try to help us, right?
But he said, 'You can take that, and take that, and take that, and still be sick because why?
You're not prosperous in your soul, in your mind, your will, and emotions.''Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.'But if your soul's not prospering, you're not going to be walking in health like you should, because you're always going to have all these issues.
'And as the man thinketh in his heart, so is he.'And if you're thinking in your heart, you know, you've got anxiety, you've got worry, you've got depression, you've got all this stuff going on, it's affecting your cortisol levels.
It's affecting all this stuff going on inside of you because you're meditating on the wrong thing.
And the more you get in this word and you renew your mind by the word of God, this is what's going to change you from the inside out.
If you get this word down inside of you and you start quoting it, you don't just have it in your thoughts just by your thoughts. Why?
Because 'as a man thinketh in his heart, so is he.'As you speak it, you're a speaking spirit, speaking that out of your mouth, and you're changing your circumstances because your mountain needs to hear your voice. You have to speak to your mountain.
So, as you prosper in your soul, as you get the word of God inside of your heart, your mind, your will, and your emotions, and you renew your mind by the word of God, that word's going to change you, and it's going to make you prosperous in your soul.
It's going to prosper in your mind, your will, and your emotions because you're renewing your mind.
Because of the washing of the water of the word, you've got to wash your mind.
You've got to wash it, and you've got to put this on your lips, you've got to put it in your eyes, and it will change you from the inside out.
And that's why I told her that we were talking about how people are, you know, overcoming, overcoming, overcoming, and you take these things, but you're not getting any better.
And I'm not ever going to give the glory to an herb. No. But people are always saying, 'I've got this thing right here.
You take this, and you take that, and whatever, and it's going to make you better.'And they don't get better, and you go, 'Whoa, what's going on?'Well, if you change your thinking, if you change the way you think and get this word down inside of you, it will change you from the inside out.
That's what I'm trying to tell you. And so as you do that, you become an expert at the word.
It's like when you go to the gym and you are able to lift five pounds, and then a couple of days later you increase it to ten maybe, and then go to fifteen.
It's a day-to-day process. It's not just a one and done. It's how many times you dip in that river every day.
Consistency. Yes. By having those flashcards, Diana... We put the flashcards on the mirror or on your window.
You could put it wherever you're going to walk and be at the most, at the refrigerator for some, or on your TV.
On your TV, have scripture, on your remote, on your phone, yeah.
But whatever it is, let it get through your eyes, wherever the most common place, maybe the bathroom, having it where you see it and you're meditating on that word.
And it changes you because that's the word that's going to work for you.
I don't know how many times when we are praying in the spirit and you don't see anything and you're going, 'Man,'and the Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, if ye abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.'So that's concerning prayer. So if you want your prayer life to change, you have to...
'If ye abide in me and my words remain in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done.'If you don't have your prayer life changing and you don't see manifestation of what you're praying for all the time, find scripture that pertains to what you're believing for and get that in there and put it in the prayer.
Put it in the prayer. And I've said this before, but you need to know it: 'Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.'And that's the only way you're ever going to get your life changed is by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
So you put that word down inside of you, and the more you read it and the more you say it, the more it's going to change because it starts to become rhema to yourself.
It comes rhema, and it goes... I read scripture and I go, 'Man,'you just know whenever you've got that knowing that you know this scripture has become real to me.
Ephesians: 'the eyes of your understanding become enlightened to the things of God, to spiritual things.'So I believe with all my heart that's what changes you, and that's what's going to increase your prayer life.
It's not about praying in tongues all the time or praying in English.
I prayed, brother, because I told Diana, I said, 'You know, you're always looking for the glory.
Where is it at with the presence of the Lord?'Because I want to lay hands on people and see them fall out, and the power of God hit them and everything, and you're going, 'Man, Lord, where is that?
Where is it?'It's getting a foundation of the word inside of you, renewing your mind, getting that inside.
Because I could pray all day for two hours a day in tongues, three hours a day in tongues, four hours a day, and there is no glory.
I could read my Bible all the time and read it for hours and hours, and go, 'Well, I have my Bible playing in my head all day long.'But it's the truth, you know, that will set you free.
It's not about how much scripture you read; it's about how much you retain.
How much are you retaining? How much are you using against the devil? It's a sword when it comes out of your mouth and you know it.
When I told you I had that visitation from the devil, and he came in, and I was laying in bed and Diana was asleep, and the whole house lit up like a light bulb with this dingy, dark, evil, and he offered me everything that I could ever dream of—money, finances, boats, houses, everything.
He said, 'If you serve me and use the gift that you have on your life for seeing, doing things,'he said, 'I'll make you richer beyond your wildest imagination.'He showed me.
I saw his palace. I saw the throne room. I saw it was black onyx with blood flowing through this thing.
It was all demonic. This whole experience, I was in the most fear I've ever felt in all my life.
And I was praying in the spirit. I said, "Shut up,"and he was just laughing at me. He sounded like Michael Jackson off Thriller.
He was laughing at me because he was offering all this stuff and I said, "I'll never serve you."And it was straight-up demonic, this experience.
But he was offering all this stuff, right? And as I was praying in the spirit, nothing moved as I was praying.
But the moment I spoke the word, the moment I started quoting this scripture, the moment I started speaking in tongues and praying in the spirit and adding scripture to it, I started building myself up.
So praying in the spirit, praying in the spirit, boom, the glory came in and he shot out like a rocket.
But it wasn't until I got the word down in the prayer that the manifestation of what I was believing for against the demonic happened.
How many times does it happen over and over and over again? You just pray in the spirit.
"Oh God, let's pray in the spirit,"just walking around the house.
"Oh, Father, I thank you concerning my finances. Oh, you're going to supply, Lord."And you're all in worry.
You're worrying. Take the care out of your prayer. Like Pastor Chip said, take the care out of your prayer.
And the more you are in care concerning your finances, concerning—well, you know, "I got a bill due.
I got the light bill due, and I got the rent due, and my baby needs a new pair of shoes."You have all these needs and you're praying the need, and "I've got seed in the ground,"but you're in worry and you're in fear.
That's why I turn to a scripture and I start renewing my mind to it.
"God has not given me a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind."2 Timothy 1:7.
"My God shall supply all my needs according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus."I started reading those over and over again, and I read Deuteronomy 28.
I even have it on Deuteronomy 28 right now. That's why as I flip it open, it's my flopping spot.
It's because it's worn out there because I read it so much. Deuteronomy 28 is my favorite.
Not the curses part after 16, but the blessing at 13—but I'm just saying, you read about the blessing.
You read about it, and you meditate on it, and it becomes real to you. So I go around over our eBay totes or whatever I have.
I use Deuteronomy 28 as my sword coming out of my mouth, believing in my heart that whatsoever things I desire when I pray, I believe I receive them, and I shall have them.
Mark 11:24. So I'm speaking to the mountain. I'm speaking to that mountain of debt.
I'm speaking to it and I'm saying, "You have to go."I'm calling those things that be not as though they were.
I'm calling it in just like you said. The Bible says I can have what the Bible says I can have and I can do what the Bible says I can do.
There you go. So I'm going to say that. I'm going to believe God in my heart.
I'm going to say that out of my mouth. I'm going to say Mark 11:24.
So, I'm going to believe God for this and I'm going to use this scripture and I'm going to pray over my stuff.
And that's what I do. And like I said, y'all, I'm a work in progress.
That's what I do for healing. That's what I do for everything.
And you find it and you go, "God, I'm standing on this because it's a promise."And the more you do that, it becomes more and more real to you every single day.
And that's what I'm saying. You have to practice. You have to speak the word out of your mouth.
You have to say it out and believe it in your heart. Don't doubt.
I said, "I doubt my doubt."I'm not going to sit there and I'm not going to let this doubt rise up on the inside of me.
Like I told y'all sitting in the back of that church when we went to that healing revival, "This is fake."What?
That's not my thought, "This is fake. This is put on. This is a performance."That's not where that thought came from.
That came right out of the pit of hell. That's not the way I believe in my heart.
But the enemy came in with a whisper. And I was thinking, that sly devil, I have never thought that ever before.
But it came in like that and tried to drop those thoughts in your head.
"This healing is not for today."Are you kidding me? Do you see what I'm saying? But he'll come and whisper in your ear.
But you have to take captive your thoughts, cast down every high imagination that exalts itself above the word of God.
And so that's what you're going to have to do because if it tried to come against me, folks—and I'll tell you, of anybody, I believe I have seen a lot and I've seen the other side.
I've seen the silos full of body parts, and you go, "Whoa, I don't believe that."I don't care what you believe.
I'm trying to tell you something today to help you. You don't want to believe it?
That's fine, but you're wasting your time on this channel. I'm believing God for it, and I've seen the body parts. I've seen the glory.
I've seen what's about to take place with the presence that God has for us—a major, major move of God with the pillars of fire, these Shekinah glory spots like Jacob's ladder where there's a major, major move...
Remember I said this is how it went, and there's a lot of you that are new here, but I saw the Father and he put his hand out, and shafts of light came out of his fingers in this vision that I had.
And each one of them made a crop—like, you know, like you see these crop circles that are—I believe they were kind of weird, you know, like that's what it looked like, but it was like a harvest area.
And they were all throughout the United States and around the world, these pillars.
And they were like Azusa Street revivals, okay? But they were not just one place in California; there were multiple places.
But they went out of all his fingers, and they were designated areas for major revival, and he called them hot spots.
Does anybody remember this? Some of you might. But the glory came out of his fingers, and there were pillars of fire.
And the Lord told me in this, he said, "Do you see those places, Brandon?
Those are where the end-time revivals, like Holy Ghost Woodstock, are going to take place all around the world."And as the people came into those areas and in those neighborhoods, they fell out in the glory and they were healed.
And he said before, with Oral Roberts and Jack Coe and all these others, God had to share, kind of like, the glory—He never shares anything—but, you know, people always go, "Oh, brother, you prayed for me and I got healed, right?
It's because of your ministry."The Lord said, "I'm not going to share my glory with anybody."And you're going to see the demonstrations and manifestations like you have never seen before.
And as people just show up in these places and just start to worship, the glory came on them and healed them.
Whatever they needed—I saw limbs coming out, their arms, eyes popping open, ears. I'm talking a major move of God.
And you know what happened was there were people that were just assigned to be there and say, "This is that.
God showed up. This is the Lord, the power of the Lord. This is the end time,"you know, like giving them an explanation of how they just got healed.
So it wasn't just, you know, they went off and didn't have an explanation of what happened to their life.
That's what I'm trying to say. There was a move of God that happened in those areas.
And there were people that were assigned to those areas in Branson, and Collinsville, and Minneapolis, and Fort Worth—all these areas where God said, "I'm going to do something like I've never done before.
Oh, I do a new thing."But who will want to take the land for Jesus in these last days? Well, the elders say, "Well, we've always done it this way.
We've got to try to hold it back and do it always like this."And the Lord told me, he said, "Brandon, it will be like you've never seen it before.
It's time to expect something you've never seen before to witness.
You know, everybody, you get, like I said, people fall out and you don't know if it's real sometimes or not.
They give you a courtesy fall is what I call them."And they may shake a little bit and you go, "Okay, that's just flesh."But you are about to see something that God is going to show up and show off in your life.
And you're going to know it's God. You're just going to know. It's authentic.
It's like we were talking—Diana saw this lady before and she said, "Everybody's just looking for authentic."The world is what I'm talking about.
The barbers, the beauticians are just looking for authentic. The gas clerks are looking for authentic.
People in the hood are wanting authentic, a move of God like we've never seen before.
And it's going to come through a shaking to awaken. It's going to come through a shaking to awaken.
I saw the Bloods and the Crips and the bikers all coming to the glory of God and at the front of the church and giving their heart to Jesus Christ.
And the Lord said, "Brandon, they're not just coming in with fishing poles anymore.
They're coming in by the netfuls."For there will be a moment in time everything will change in a 24-hour period just like it did with 9/11.
9/11 changed everything. And he said to me, "There's going to be a major event in the spirit realm.
Everything's going to change."And I have an expectation that it's this year.
I have an expectation that it's going to be around September the 23rd that we're going to start to see something major.
He said the people in the days ahead will have to resist healing if they don't want to be healed if they come in these services.
"I don't want it."Now I don't know what kind of bozo would want to do that, but I'm going to tell you that tapping into the spirit, the Lord said, will be as easy as a bird flies in the air, as a fish swims in the water.
Brother Hagin gave that word. But the Lord spoke to me, and I didn't even know that Brother Hagin had the word.
And he said it to me, but he said, "It will be as easy as taking a breath."As easy as taking a breath will be to tap into the anointing and to do things.
And you're going to see things like you've never seen before.
So, I just want you all to have—I'm just trying to stir you up a little bit to have that expectation for God to show up in your life.
There's so many people that are so dry and so thirsty. I've seen it, especially at that meeting this week.
People are just dry and they're going, "Man, I have all this stuff."And I'm thinking, "Yeah, but Jesus has the answer."Not Brandon, not Diana.
Jesus has the answer. And there's no shortcuts. There's no cheating.
You know, like we say, "Well, there's no..."It's like a microwave.
Everybody thinks it's a microwave. No, it's an Easy-Bake Oven.
It's your slow cooker, and you've got to put it in the scripture. You've got to put it in. And it's not a one-and-done.
How bad do you want your life to change and go from glory to glory and not be the same anymore? Well, you can't be spiritually lazy.
"Well, you know, I tried it a couple times and I read my Bible one time, brother, and I didn't see change."It's consistency.
How bad do you want change? And you see it a little bit at a time.
First you see the blade, then you see the ear, then you see the full manifestation, but you've got to water it, and you've got to nurture it.
Just like a farmer prays over his crops. I'm sure he's out there going, "Man, I need that corn to get up."But he's not stressing out unless there's a drought.
He just knows that he planted the seed and he's believing God for the increase.
And he's out there and he checks on it, making sure the crows are not in it or whatever.
So, you've got to maintain your seed. That's what I'm trying to say. You've got to quote the word over it. You've got to pray.
You've got to go out there and maybe put some spiritual Roundup on some weeds, casting down some stuff.
"I bind you in the name of Jesus off my harvest. You let it go, devil, in the name of Jesus.
I call those things that be not as though they were."And I say, "I'm blessed in the city.
I'm blessed in the field. I'm blessed coming in and I'm blessed going out.
I'm healed in my body. I'm delivered in my body. I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says."And He said, "By His stripes, I am healed.
He was wounded for my transgressions. He was bruised for my iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and with His stripes, we are healed."See, even I get it—I've quoted that probably two or three thousand times or more, and I mess up right then.
See, it's real. But you just keep going. And I'm not kidding, that's one of my favorite verses.
You just keep going over it and over and over and over it. So, what are they saying in the comment section?
Yes, they memorize Psalms 24 and 93. Yeah, Psalm—yeah, "I pray deep roots in my spirit."Psalms 91, mhm, Psalms 23.
I told you in the days ahead, if you don't have it in your heart, there's a lot of you that will not make it in the days ahead for what I've seen coming.
And I don't say that to scare you. I say that to prepare you. You need to know a great shaking is coming.
I'm just being real with y'all. There's a major shaking that's about to take place beyond anybody's comprehension.
And the Lord told me, he said, "You must remain filled with the Holy Spirit like you've never been before.
Being filled, being filled. Do not become spiritually dry."Yeah, I'm complacent.
"Drink, drink, drink."I even told a prophetic friend, "You're dumping out, dumping out, and dumping out all the time.
You're dumping out, sir. But the Lord told me to call and tell you, you need to drink, drink, drink.
You can dump out and tell everybody about Jesus all the time, but your water level gets low.
You get out there and you're just talking out of dryness."And the Lord told me you have to take times of refreshing and drink, drink, and have that spiritual Holy Ghost thermostat inside because with our flesh, you know when it's time to eat.
Your body tells you, or you'll wake up and you'll say, "I feel like my mineral levels are low,"or you think, "I need to take a certain vitamin,"or you think, "I haven't gone to the bathroom in a while,"so you take something for that.
But it's just using the Holy Spirit to say—the Holy Spirit tells you, "Your worship level's low, your word level's low,"and just following the Holy Ghost.
Your flesh tells you, "I'm cold, I need a jacket."Your spirit's speaking, but you've killed it because you haven't taken care of it.
Your flesh gets usually three meals, two meals maybe, and some snacks a day.
You listen to your flesh the moment it starts speaking. Yes, people don't listen to the Holy Spirit.
No, but your spirit—you're a speaking spirit. I'm telling you, the spirit realm is more real than the natural.
But just because you can't see it... But the moment is it. Tell them more. Yes.
So a lot of times I'll wake up and I've been in the word a lot, but the next day I'll be like, I'll hit that, you know, where you're like, "I need something."What is it?
And the Holy Spirit rises up in me and he'll say, "Diana, you need to get in worship today.
Get in worship."And then sometimes he'll say, "You need to praise more,"because I've been in worship so long and he'll say, "Praise.
You need to praise."So then, you know, sometimes it'll be just using him as a gauge.
The Holy Spirit tells you where to go day to day. It's custom for you.
And so, because he's here to lead and guide us into all truth, he's directing us to Jesus, constantly saying, "Today you need the word, Diana, for your circumstance, what you're going through today, what you're feeling."Because we all wake up with these feelings and you're thinking, "What is this that I'm feeling?
How do I get through this?"You're thinking, "How do I keep fighting this good fight of faith?"And he's there to lead and guide us, and we use him.
We use discernment. He's there to help us. He's our helper. He comes to our aid.
So that's just how we keep on fighting the good fight of faith.
We find His grace to keep going. That's how we go. That's exactly right.
And if you don't do that, you're going to be a spiritual wimp. Yes.
And when the devourer comes to your house and starts knocking on your door, he'll come in and eat you.
Yeah. But the Bible says the enemy comes in like a roaring lion. He's walking about seeking whom he may devour, right?
And the only one that he can devour is the one that's not being spiritually up on their game.
And a lot of people won't even let their hunger level go for their flesh that long.
So, at that first sign of hunger, like that stomach growling, they're like, "I need food."So they go and eat right away.
But when you have that first—just that, because the Holy Spirit is such a gentleman, and it's just that still small voice inside of you, and that leading, he leads you and you feel that pull, that inward tug to go, "This is what you need.
This is the direction you should go today."And whenever you yield to that, and you yield to him, then it grows.
It grows and grows and grows in you because you're yielding to it.
So, just like you yield to the flesh and you say, "I need food."At the first sign, you don't even let it go very long to that full-blown rumbling hunger.
It's just that first little shakiness and you're like, "Oh, I need food."So, it's the same way with your spiritual side.
At that first sign, you say, "This is what I need. I'm yielding to the Holy Spirit."You're yielding to him constantly.
Just as you feel that shakiness and say, "I need food,"you yield to the Holy Spirit.
And how do you become familiar? How do you know what you need, though?
Well, the more you yield to him, the more you know. He'll lead and guide you. Yeah.
It's more like, "How do I know I need this drink of water versus maybe some vegetables?"You just know hunger versus thirst.
There are things in the spirit: "I'm thirsty. I'm hungry."You'll learn to develop your spirit, and you'll go right now.
Drinking of the water of the word, eating of the meat of the word, worship and praise.
You're drinking and filling yourself back up, and you get into that flow where you're feeding your spirit. You're drinking, and you're strong.
And when the devil comes up there like a roaring lion, seeking whom he may devour, he comes to your house and he goes, "I got to get out of here."You know why?
Because he knows that you've got your full armor on. You've got your sword of the Spirit, and you're ready to cut his head off like Goliath.
And he's going, "I came to the wrong house today."Yes. "I came to the wrong house today.
You better not mess with me."Yeah. "Don't be coming to my door."And he runs off.
But he's only going to run off if you've got your armor on and you know who you are.
If you've just got your sword up there and maybe nothing else on, he goes, "Ah, I've got dinner today."Yeah.
I mean, you know, he's the big bad wolf. So, and like I said, I don't ever really talk about the devil very often.
I don't give him any place. I give no place to the devil by talking about him.
I really don't. I don't even talk about that story I just told you all very often.
But because I don't allow him to try to get that much real estate in my mind, meditating on him and thinking about him—he's defeated.
Yes. So, why would you talk about somebody who's already been defeated that much?
I remind him of his defeat and I remind him of his future all the time, but I'm not going to give him real estate in my mind to sit there and start because he's not paying rent, you know, by tormenting.
Fear has torment. And he'll always try to play fear's greatest hits: "The what-ifs.""What if?
What if? What if?"You know, he comes up there and puts his greatest hits in your mind all the time.
"What if? What if this happens? What if that?"And it continually bombards your thoughts.
And those are the thoughts of fear coming against your head.
And that's why I told Diana, I said, "I don't know, he's trying to come in."Well, my word level is low.
I've got to spend more time in the word today. So, I don't know, hopefully this is helping you all.
We try to give you things that we work through. And Diana and I, like I said, we're a work in progress, but this is how we get through it.
Yes. And we're a work in progress just like everybody else. But I'm going to tell you, this is where I see fruit.
And if you listen to what we're telling you, you don't have to go around the mountain fifty billion times until you catch on and get a hold of something.
I said, "Well, I wish somebody, when Megan was first diagnosed with autism, I just wish somebody that was a veteran in this could have come by and told us, 'Don't go down this road.
Don't go down that road,'because we did it by trial and error."And what we're telling you right now is years and years and years of experience.
And you say, "Well, that's simple."Well, to a baby Christian, it isn't. To somebody who's just trying to figure it out.
Heartache is how we learned it—years and years of just getting a hold of the word and saying, "Listen, we're going to live this out. We're going to walk by faith and not by sight.
I'm going to live, and I'm going to be on the victory side of things."It's like we heard, "Better to stumble in faith than to sit in doubt."Yeah.
It's my new favorite thing. I heard it from Billy Burke. He said, "Better to stumble in faith than to sit in doubt."And I said, "Oh, that is so good."Run with that.
So good. Yeah. I like it. Say it again. That's a t-shirt. "Better to stumble in faith than it is to sit in doubt."Yeah.
Oh, man, that got me all fired up when I was sitting there. I am not going to sit.
I'd rather stumble in faith than to sit in doubt. I'm not going to sit there and just be a whiner about things. It's not going to change anything.
Feeling down about yourself and feeling like, "Oh, I can't get through this,"it's not going to change anything.
And, quite frankly, nobody really cares. I'll be real. If you're the only one wallowed in self-pity, it isn't going to get any better.
The only thing that's ever going to get you out of that self-pity and depression is the word of God.
You can go to a counselor, but guess what? They're waiting for the next check.
And you go in there and go, "I've got all this going on with me..."And they're going, "Oh, tell me more, brother.
I'm having a hard time.""Well, maybe if you do this."And they try to talk to you.
And then afterwards, "Okay, well, that's, I don't know, say 100 bucks, 500 bucks.
Thank you. See you next week."But they're not doing really anything to fix it.
I mean, they may help you a little bit so you don't self-harm yourself or whatever, but the bottom line of what I'm trying to tell you is that they're paid to get money.
That's what they went to school for. They get money. The only thing that's ever going to set you free is you'll know the truth, and the truth will set you free—the truth of God's word.
Bottom line, you get a foundation of this Bible inside of your heart, and that's what's going to set you free from a psychiatrist or anything else, from addiction.
You just need one touch from the Holy Spirit. One touch, one thread.
Just one thread, and he can change you from the inside out. Yes, that's what we go for, these touches.
I was frustrated because I wanted to go down there, but there were so many people that had so much more need than what I did.
So I sat in the back. I wanted to be a spiritual hog and go up there, pushing my way to the front.
"Give me a touch."And I saw so many people that were so broken.
I thought, "My need is not at that level of need right now."So I sat back there. "God, you can touch me right here.
Even if I don't make it to the front row and get my special..."And you know what?
He touched me right where I was sitting. We don't seek man; we seek him.
Yes, he's the one. So we always want to make that clear, too. Yes, but you're just looking for a touch from Jesus.
Even just sitting in the atmosphere, that's what we did. He can come to the back row.
He's on the back row. We were in the very—I'm talking, that's the God we serve.
Yeah. Well, you don't have to be on the front row to get a touch from Jesus.
You can be on the back row, but just have a heart of expectation on the back row.
It's like that song, "The God of the mountain is still God in the valley."And so, at the front, same as the back, he's there.
Yeah, I like the splash zone though. I do. Yeah, I do like the splash zone. I like to see the killer whale.
I like the splash zone, don't get me wrong, but if I'm not in the splash zone, I'm still in the auditorium.
And I say, "Jesus, touch me right now. Still contending for my miracle."Yeah, I'm still contending.
I'm fighting the good fight. "God, I'm back here in the back, and you told me to pray for these people. Stir yourself up.
Believe God for somebody else's miracle, and keep your eyes off yourself and watch what happens."Father, I thank you that you're touching those people up on the front row.
I thank you for the people that stand in line. They're going to get their breakthrough today. I stand in the gap with them.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're the miracle-working, mountain-moving God, that you're in the very breath we're breathing in this atmosphere right now.
Just breathing it in is changing us, and we're going from glory to glory, glory to glory.
He's changing us, changing us, changing us. See, the atmosphere just shifted, and that's why I thought that was pretty neat.
Did you feel that? It's a wind. I feel him. The atmosphere just shifted. Thank you, Father. He's so wonderful. Thank you, Father.
"From glory to glory, he's changing us, changing us, changing us, into his likeness and image, to perfect in me the love of God shown to the world, for he's changing, he's changing me."We ask you, Father, to touch them right where they are tonight.
Every single one of them has something they need. But it's time to believe God for big.
And you may be here tonight, and you don't even know him. You've heard a lot about him.
You've heard a lot about the Lord, but does he know you? Does he know you?
If you were to die tonight after hearing all that we've said, and you say, "Oh, all that sounds okay.
Whatever, brother."No. But the bottom line is what we're here for is for you, the unbeliever.
And you're here, and you don't know Jesus, and he doesn't know you.
And if you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity?
Where would you spend eternity? I have to ask you that. It's the most important thing.
It's the most important thing I can ask you today: where will you spend eternity?
I've heard many say there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun. But this is—it's a true statement.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work or do whatever tomorrow, the undertaker might be taking them off that night.
You don't know. None of us are promised tomorrow. None of us.
But Jesus is real to Diana and me. He's real to us. He visits us.
We have more of a presence in our house than we have a lot of times when we go to these services.
The manifested presence of God comes into our home like he just did for us because we make a place for him.
He's more real to us than you are. Having a relationship is more real to us than having a relationship with a human.
Humans will hurt you; he'll never hurt you. And if you're here tonight, you say, "I don't know any peace.
I don't know any joy in my life. I'm on the verge of just ending it all.
I can't keep going on the way I'm going because I'm hurting so bad inside."And I know; I've been there.
I was ready to drive my car off a bridge multiple times whenever I've been really low, but Jesus was always there for me.
And you may be at that place in your life where you are ready to do away with yourself. You're ready to be done. "I can't live this anymore.
I'm in that much pain in my insides, in my mind, in my will, in my thinking, whatever."It's a torment, you know.
But you came here out of desperation tonight. You came here sitting alone in your home, and you're thinking, "Is there anybody that cares?
Is there anybody that loves me?"But we do, and we just felt inside that we were supposed to do this live broadcast for somebody tonight.
But I believe whoever you are watching on the other side of this live right now, you're watching this, and you're just asking, "Would somebody just please pray for me?"But the first step I want you to know is to give your heart to Jesus Christ.
I want you to surrender to him. I want him to know you, and the only way he will ever know you is if you ask him to be your Lord and personal Savior.
He's at the door knocking right now. The Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless he's drawn by him, which means he's tugging at your heart.
You feel that inside of you right now. You feel that maybe there's some hope in what he's saying.
But he's at your door knocking right now as we speak. He's knocking on your door and he's saying, "Will you let me in?
Will you let me in?"And all you have to do is open the door and say, "Jesus, I invite you in tonight."You could be like that little child that has a broken car that looks like it's so broken and there's no way to fix it.
And because you're a child, because you don't see all the ways around that little car, that remote control car, and all it needs is a new battery.
All it needs is maybe a little hair taken out of the wheels or whatever because it's not working right.
But as you take that broken car, your life, to the Father who made it, you say, "Dad, I'm broken.
I need you to fix me."He says, "I specialize in this, hun. I specialize in this, sir.
I can fix it like that."But you've got to ask him. He's a gentleman. He'll never, ever force his way in on you.
Now, the devil, you give him just a little bit of a crack, and he'll take a mile.
But Jesus, he's an ever-present help in a time of need, standing at the door of your heart, waiting for you, saying, "Will you just let me in?""Will you just let me in?
Will you let me have a chance to try?"He'll turn your mess into a message.
He'll turn your captivity, and he'll take those chains and all that bondage off of you just like that if you just say, "Come on in."So, I'm going to say a prayer tonight.
You're watching this and it's not a coincidence you're here, especially for all the things we've said tonight, just talking to y'all.
But you're here for a purpose and you stuck around, and I believe it's for you to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
So, I want you to put in the comment section below, "That's me.
I need a friend. I need Jesus Christ. I need to be saved. I need for him to wash me in his precious blood.
I need today to give my heart to Jesus. I can't live this anymore.
I don't want to keep going down this road because it's a dead end. It's a dead-end road with a waterfall on the other side.
It's an edge on a cliff is what I'm talking about, with a great big gully at the bottom of it."Today's your day for salvation.
Today's your day for a new, clean, fresh start. So Jesus died for you publicly, and I want you to become public about your acceptance of Jesus.
I want you to comment down below at the time I say three and say, "I need to be saved."If you're here and you want to be saved, if you want to be radically saved, you are on the verge of self-harm.
You're in this place of, "I'm desperate. I'm strung out on drugs.
I'm struggling, my girlfriend's bad. My boyfriend's been mean to me. I'm physically and verbally abused.
I've got all this stuff going on in my life, but I just need a fresh start."Today's your day.
Today's your day. I want to pray for you right now, but I want you to comment.
At the time we say one, two, three, I want you to put in the section down below, "I want to be saved."One, two, three, right now.
Put it in there. Put it in there right now. Say, "I want to be saved."If you want to be saved tonight, we're gonna pray for you. We're gonna pray for you.
And I believe that the circumstance of your life is about to change forever to the point where you're going to go, "I don't even recognize myself anymore,"because that's what happens on the inside of us.
That's what's happened to us. I do not recognize the Brandon that I was back then.
"Behold, I make all things new."That's what he said. So, we're going to say a prayer with you right now.
We're going to pray for you right now. It's a simple prayer. It's not all religion.
I'm going to tell you folks, listen to this. Brandon and Diana are the most unreligious people you ever met in your life.
I cannot stand religion. Can't. "I'm a this, I'm a that."No, I'm a Christian saved by grace, washed in his precious blood.
Relationship. It's about relationship. It's not about religion.
I don't want to be a Pharisee where you go, "Well, they're Pharisees."I don't care about that stuff, trying to be all, you know, poking at everybody.
I just want you to know that Jesus Christ accepts you just as you are.
And he'll clean you from the inside out. Don't worry about your past.
He's got all that other—it's all underneath the blood as soon as you confess it, and he'll clean you up as long as you're pressing into him and staying close on the vine.
If you abide on the vine, he's going to change you. If you stay on that vine, he's going to change you from the inside out.
Don't worry about all this stuff. He's going to wash you and make you clean.
All right? So, I want you to not be concerned about your past.
Know that it's all washed in the blood the moment you confess it, and it's no more.
So, all right. You ready? You want to pray with us? Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Father, I confess my sins to you. I'm a sinner and I need a savior tonight.
Lord, I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on my past.
And from this day forward, I'll serve you. I'll serve you with all my heart.
Make me new. Wash me in your precious blood. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I'm coming home. Forgive me, Lord. I thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me. I thank you, Lord, that you've cleansed me.
And from this day forward, I'll serve you all the days of my life in Jesus'name.
Amen."That's easy. "I believe you're the son of God. I believe you died for me.
I believe you washed me in your precious blood. And I believe that today I'm saved.
I believe it and I receive it."It's easy. Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over all of it.
He's your healer. He's your deliverer. And he sets you free by his precious blood.
It cost him his life, but you can receive it by grace. You can receive it by faith.
It's something you don't earn and something you don't deserve.
It's called grace. He loves you and he has a plan for your life.
And as you press into him every single day, he'll show you his plans for your life by reading his Bible and praying.
Now, what do you do from here on out? Well, you come to our channel.
You can pray with us. You go to a Bible-believing church. I'd say a non-denominational is where we would go.
That's where Diana and I go. Non-denominational. And I would go to a charismatic church, baptized in the Holy Ghost, fire.
I talk about a fire church. That's where we would go, and go there and tell the pastor, say, "I just gave my heart to Jesus on the internet.
What do I do next?"Tell them, say, "I need to be water baptized."You need to get water baptized.
Go get water baptized at that church and plug in there at that local church you find, non-denominational or whatever.
Volunteer, take classes, get plugged in there, and get excited because of this new life.
What's happened to you today? Read your Bible. And you say, "Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
I live from paycheck to paycheck."Well, Diana and I, just to celebrate your decision tonight, just to celebrate what you've done, we want to give you a Bible for free because of this decision, this new life you've decided to live with Jesus Christ.
And if you say, "I can't afford a Bible,"Diana and I will buy you a Bible for free.
And so she'll tell you how to get that Bible. "Yes. If you go down into the description, you'll find our email address.
And if you said this prayer and this is your first time getting saved or rededicated your life and you don't have a Bible, just go find that email address in the description and then in the subject line put 'I can't afford a Bible'and then put your address on there and we will use it to send you a Bible through Amazon.
We only use it for that one purpose. We will not send you any other email or junk mail or anything like that.
It's just to get the Bible to you."Yep. Just to be a blessing.
We just want to celebrate you, celebrate your decision today. You just did the greatest thing you could ever do.
I'm telling you, from what I've seen coming, ladies and gentlemen, the only thing that matters is if you know Jesus Christ and does he know you, because to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And I want to make sure I'm on the right road. That's what I say all the time.
"God, I thank you that you cleansed me. I'm here. I'm saved by grace.
Father, I thank you that my cup is filled, my lamp is filled with oil.
Thank you that I'm not one of the virgins."You know, the Bible talks and tells in his word that there's ten virgins.
There's five that have their lamps full and five that don't.
My impression of that is there's half the body that will be left in the rapture and half that will be taken because there were five that had it full and five that didn't.
Now, that's where I get it, and I'm going to tell you this. I want to make sure my lamp is full of oil all the time, being filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost, expecting his return.
Not being one foot in the world and one foot into the church saying, "Hey, I'll go to church on Sundays, but I party during the week like a heathen."Well, what a heathen person is, acts like what you used to be before you got saved.
You went back to what you used to do, and you think that you can live that way.
You can't live that way. Once you get born again, you have to be separate.
Be ye separate. Be ye holy as I am holy. Follow this word with all your heart and go by it.
The New Testament. Read all the New Testament. Yeah, let it change you.
Read all the red words. Read all the red first. It'll help you read the red. All that Jesus said.
Go in there and say, "I want to read everything that Jesus said."If your Bible doesn't have red, it starts in Matthew, the Gospels.
Start in Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, and Acts. Yeah, I would read Acts.
Check. Yeah, I'll read that book. Those are where they're red. My favorite is Ephesians. I love Ephesians.
Ephesians is my favorite book, and I go, "Oh my goodness, it's my go-to."I read Ephesians over and over again.
All right. Well, how many people, did anybody get saved? Yes.
There was 10%, 9%. Well, good. That's good. We're so excited you're here.
Welcome. And welcome to the family of God. We rejoice that the angels of heaven are rejoicing.
Also, I'm telling you folks, you just did the best thing that you could ever do.
And as you go from glory to glory, he'll change you. I'm telling you, there's great days ahead for you.
You go, well, there are challenges in life. Everybody, you know, and I'm going to say this.
If you sin and you mess up again, the devil will say, "Well, you ain't saved. I thought you said you were saved.
You just confessed your sins and all that, and here you were going back to it like a dog eats its vomit."Guess what?
You don't run from God when you sin. You run to God when you sin.
You run to him and say, "Father, I messed up."And remember, when you confess your sins, it's not when God found out about it.
It's when you got rid of it. All that stuff is behind you. It's all over. He doesn't remember it anymore.
He'll say, "What are you talking about?"Well, if you mess up again, you say, "Lord, I messed up again."He'll say, "Yeah, I know, but it's underneath my blood."The moment you confess it, the moment you repent of it, it's gone.
"Father, I skinned my knee."And it's just like a good daddy.
A good daddy, when your baby falls, he doesn't beat you up and say, "You're a bad little boy.
You fell down."He says, "Oh, son, I saw you fall down. Let me put a band-aid on there for you or whatever.
Help him out. Pray for him."God's got love. Remember this, God's a good God, and the devil is a bad devil.
He comes to kill, steal, and destroy. The Bible says that God comes that we might have life and life more abundantly.
And most people think that God's putting sickness on you. God doesn't put sickness on his people.
God doesn't put poverty on his people to teach you something.
The devil comes to kill, steal, and destroy. You need to know this for what's coming.
You're going to think, "Well, God did this. God did that. This is an act of God."No.
God didn't do anything to kill people. God doesn't kill. God and the devil don't partner up and be buddies.
You all need to know that, too. "Well, you know, God allowed the devil to do that."I don't believe that either.
I don't believe that he's up there just allowing the devil to slap you around.
You open the door. Listen to me. You open the door for the devil to kill, steal, and destroy.
You're the one that opened a little crack and you said, "Come on, Mr. Devil.
Come on in here and rob me of everything."If you open the door, the devil will take a mile.
It's not God. God's up there going, "You know what? Let's just let them get the snot knocked out of them.
Jesus, I think they deserve a lesson."No, that's not a good God.
The Bible says, if you being evil give good gifts to your children, how much more does your heavenly father...
Matthew, if you being evil give good gifts to your children, how much more does your heavenly father give good gifts to those that love him?
It doesn't say that he gives bad gifts. He doesn't give you a snake.
He doesn't give you a scorpion. He gives you love. He gives you peace.
He said the fruits of his spirit are love, joy, peace, patience.
Those are the things that he gives you. If you don't have the fruits of the spirit, you don't have that.
Check where you're at with him, your thermostat. It's not hard.
Christianity has been made hard because of religious thinking and people brainwashing people.
God is not mad at you. He doesn't have anything bad to give. No, he's good. There's nothing.
If you go to heaven, you're going to go up there and you say, "There's no sickness up here."So, how can he give you something he doesn't have? Do you understand?
You'll go to heaven and you're going to go, "All that's up here is peace and joy and health and prosperity and blessing, streets made of gold, houses made of all the finest things, a mansion, and all these beautiful things."But he doesn't have anything bad up there.
There's no pestilence. There are no plagues in heaven. So, how's he going to give you something he doesn't have?
That doesn't make any sense. Just let the elevator go to the top.
You have to use your brain a little bit here. How can God give you something he doesn't have?
Who has it? When you go to hell, what do they have in hell? Torment, flames of fire for eternity.
It's bad, right? So, the only one who's going to give that is the devil. He comes to kill, steal, and destroy.
God came that you might have life and life more abundantly, to the extreme, until it overflows.
Well, how do I live the abundant life? The word. You get this Bible inside of you.
My people, the Bible says, perish for a lack of knowledge. People perish for a lack of knowledge.
Knowledge of what? The truth, the word. This is what you have to have.
Why you have to have it inside of you is that people perish for lack of knowledge because you don't have this word on the inside of you.
So, I'm trying to help you, and I pray you're listening because people are always blaming God for stuff.
"God's mean. He's mad at me today."Are you kidding me? I'm telling you, anybody that died for me is not mad at me today.
Anybody that died for me and suffered on the cross for me is not mad at me.
He's not mad at me. He's an ever-present help. He loves you. He's always there with his arms wide open.
And even if you turn your back on him, he's still a friend. He's still waiting on you.
He's going, "Hey, you may have turned your back on me, but I've never turned my back on you."Do you hear what I'm saying?
So he's there waiting with his arms wide open, waiting for you just to come home. Remember like the prodigal son.
He went out and took all his inheritance, and he spent everything he had, but he was laying in a pigpen, and he's sitting there looking at his problems.
You have to get cleared out of the pigpen, and he's looking around. He's saying, "Why am I laying here?
I could be a servant in my father's house."And he runs and starts walking back there, and he's stinking.
He's spent everything he had. He's all dirty and nasty. And guess what?
His father was waiting with a robe. And he said, "Kill the fatted calf.
Let's have a party, my son. Come home."That's what our God does.
He's waiting on you with arms wide open. Yes, arms wide open.
"Well, I've done this."I was in trafficking. I've done drugs.
I've aborted my babies. I've done all these things. There's nothing too big and there's nothing too small.
God loves and forgives you of it all. Do you understand? Nothing too big and there's nothing too small.
It's all underneath the blood. Jesus Christ paid the price for you to walk in victory.
And he loves you. So I have to tell you that because there's a lot of people that think God's mad at them.
He's up there. He's got a big old stick, and God's just beating you up in the head.
"Well, I've done this, and I've got..."No, you've opened the door.
What happened is you sinned, and the devil's waiting as that roaring lion, waiting to come and pounce on you, and you allowed the devil in.
It wasn't God. It was you, and you opened the door. What happens if you open up to a snake in your yard, and you open the door and say, "Come out, snake."And a snake comes in.
A snake's a snake. It doesn't know anything other than to be a snake.
A devil's a devil. He's just a devil. He doesn't know anything else. He's just a devil.
So, you can't get mad and go, "Well, the devil did that."No, no, you did.
You opened the door. "The devil made you do it."No, you did it.
You did it. The devil didn't make you do anything. You opened the door. He may have enticed you.
He may have tempted you, trying to get you to fall, and you yielded to the temptation, but the Lord didn't tempt you.
The Lord didn't do it. The devil does. So, I want you to always stay, bottom line, stay on God's side.
No matter what you're going through in your life, you have a hard day.
And you may see a storm in your life and everything going. Always stay on God's side.
I don't know why I'm going through this, but I'm on God's side. I'm going to stay on his side.
I don't know why I'm walking through the valley of the shadow of death right now, but I'm going to stay on God's side.
There is refining fire, and you go through refining sometimes, and sometimes the refining looks like a storm and everything is going through, but you go through refining, and it makes you go from glory to glory.
This is where I was trying to go with it earlier. What I was trying to tell you all was it wasn't how much I prayed.
It wasn't how much I read my Bible, everything that brings the glory. It's the refining fire that brings the greater glory.
And I had all kinds of scripture to back it up, and I was going to give it to you tonight when I did my next video, but here I am.
I don't know, probably too long a video, but the sufferings bring greater glory.
Look that up. Look up stuff about how the refining brings greater glory. And that's what the Lord was showing me.
There were four or five verses that were talking about it wasn't how much prayer, it wasn't about how much fasting, it wasn't about how much Bible I knew.
It's the going from glory to glory. And the anointing is based on refining fire.
It's refining fire. "Make me better, make me pure by the fire that does refine.
Where the breath of God is pure, there his brightest glory shines. Lift me high up to the mountain into fellowship with thee.
And in that light I'll see the fountain and of his blood that cleanseth me."Sister Lynn sang that song at her church.
It's the refining fire. That's what the glory and the level of the glory.
Yeah. It's Romans 8. "For I reckon that the sufferings of..."You have to speak up real loud. Sorry. Romans 8.
"For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us."Romans 8.
And then 2 Corinthians 4, "For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, is working for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory."So you're going through something.
And then 1 Peter 4, "But rejoice to the extent that you partake of Christ's sufferings, that when his glory is revealed, you may also be glad with exceeding joy."Uh, I don't know, Philippians 3.
"I want to know Christ and experience the mighty power that raised him from the dead.
I want to suffer with him sharing in his death, so that one way or another I will experience the resurrection from the dead."So every one of those scriptures is what I'm trying to talk to you all about—the glory is attached to refining.
Because I was wondering about sometimes you see certain people on the stage and there's no glory when they're talking, and the Lord showed me.
He said, because I was asking, I said, "Lord, is it the word level?
Is it the more I pray in the spirit?"He said, "No, it's refining."Yeah.
And there's two more right here. I see. It's refining as to the greater glory.
Why we don't see a lot of people... He said, "You don't stay on the potter's wheel.
A lot of people want to jump off the wheel, Brandon, when they start going through something.
And you want a shortcut to the glory."But the glory is attached to refining.
And if you want to see the healing and the demonstrations and the manifestations on your ministry at a greater capacity, it's through refining.
And I said, "Well, Lord..."He said, "Remember when I told you you were cleaning the bathrooms for all those years, and I told you you came here to die to self?
Refining, greater glory."So, I go on there and I clean, and nobody recognizes you.
Nobody believes in you. Nobody says, "Hey, you've got what it takes.
Good job, buddy."You just keep cleaning, and you seek him. It's a refining, and the Lord promotes you.
It wasn't when I was complaining out of my mouth anymore: "I hate doing this, cleaning these bathrooms. These people look down on me.
They don't like me."He said, "Stop complaining with your mouth, but not only that, don't complain in your heart."And I said, "I'm going to be here forever."Because whenever he told me that, I said, "I stopped complaining with my mouth, Lord.
You can use me now. I'm going to get promoted. I don't have to clean these bathrooms anymore."And he said, "No."He said, "I'm listening to your heart.
Your heart speaks louder than your mouth does."And I said, "Lord..."and he said, "When you die to that, Brandon, and after how many years..."and finally it broke.
And I said, "Lord, I don't care if I have to clean these bathrooms the rest of my life.
I'll do it and serve you. If this is all you have for me, God, I'll do it all. I give it all.
All that I do, in word and deed, do all to the glory of God."So I started doing that.
"I'm going to clean these bathrooms."And I did it. And then the Lord said, "You're released.
You're released."So now he tells me, "Now here it is. You have a platform like this. You have a platform.
It's grown from where we were, from having, what is it, almost, with all our platforms with TikTok and everything, we have almost a million people follow us on a day-to-day basis.
A million people."And I go, "What?"I mean, that's huge. You put out a video and you get 100,000 hits.
And the Lord says, "I want you to still remain humble and sit in the back and do the things I want you to do."It's not about, "Well, here I am.
I've arrived. Go sit on the front row. Don't you know who I am?"The Lord said, "No, die more to it.
It doesn't matter who you are. It's who I am. Sit on the back row.""Well, Lord, okay.
Well, there's honor to the platform, though, you know, don't you think?""No.
Sit on the back row.""Okay."Pray. It's not about who's arrived.
You didn't arrive. I arrived. Do you understand? Die to it. Clean in your heart.
Remember the janitor. The greater glory is attached to dying.
Sit on the back row. "Well, they don't acknowledge my platform.
They don't do..."Die to it. "Well, I minister to a million people.
They're only ministered to..."It doesn't matter. Die to it. Do you understand? And the Lord said it's easy.
It's harder to even die to the flesh when you have a little bit of something versus when you had nothing. I'm just being real with y'all, being open.
I thought back then, being a janitor, when you're cleaning feces and you're doing all that, it's hard to die to self when you've got all this going on with you, and you think, 'Oh, I'm cleaning these bathrooms.'And then the Lord gives you a platform and people that you thought would acknowledge you and tip their hat to you because of what God's given you, all of a sudden, you ain't getting that.
And the Lord said, 'It's on purpose. I harden the hearts of Pharaohs.
I soften the hearts. Do you understand? I'm in control. But this is for the greater glory for where I've called you to be.
You don't need man's praise. None of them brought you here and none of them will keep you here.
I opened the doors. I opened this for you, not you. Do what I ask you to do.
So be a janitor again.'Do you understand what I'm trying to tell you all?
Because I asked him, I said, 'Where's the greater glory?'He said, 'Because right now...'I'm telling you, folks, when you have people try to tell you that you're so such-and-such, you say, 'Whatever,'and keep small in your own eyes.
The Lord said, 'That ain't about you; they're giving me praise.'The donkey just took Jesus in.
It was not the donkey they were going hosanna in the highest to.
Remember, keep small in your own eyes. It's the sufferings that bring the greater glory. It's the refining that brings the greater glory.
And if you don't get ahold of it at this level, even where I'm at now with what the Lord has done with me, he's saying, 'You're still a janitor, even with a million people following you a day.'Do you understand?
And that's why I told her, I said, 'This level is even more tough for my flesh because you think you need a little bit of a pat on the back. No, you don't.
Die.'And that's why I say, 'Thank you, Lord, for the opportunity to have the greater sufferings to have greater glory.'No matter how big you get, no matter how big your platform gets, no matter how many people come up and tell you, 'We love you.
We got this,'the Lord said, 'Die to it.'The very people who are attaboying you today, Brandon, will turn their back on you with a knife the next day.
The very people who you think—you know, the big people who have TV programs—they are the ones from whom the glory has departed, a lot of them, and I'm trying to do something new with them because they got too big of a head in the process.
You see what I'm saying? You have to stay small in your own eyes because it's about attracting to deflect. It's about him.
So, I'm saying all that to help you all because it's what I'm dealing with, but I'm trying to teach you something in the process.
So, hopefully that helps a little bit because this is what I'm going through.
And the Lord tells me, he said, 'Brandon, keep small. Keep small.
No matter how many people come watch you today—you may have 150,000, 200,000.
'Oh, it didn't go viral, there's only 20,000.'I don't care. Do what I told you to do.
Tell my people that I'm coming and that there's a major storm coming. There's a virus coming. There's all these things coming.
Don't worry about how many, because I told you here pretty quick.'He even told us we had a visitation this last week.
He said, 'Here soon there'll be, at one point, there'll be one and a half million people following you on your one channel, and then 150,000.'He told us all these things.
He comes and visits us and he said, 'But remember where you came from.
Don't lose sight of it and how it is with us. Sit in the back row.'You know, I don't get it a lot of times.
I know me, I guess, because he's trying to always... It's the janitor.
It's the janitor. And I just keep on keeping on. I just want him.
And that's why I knew it was attached to these sufferings. It's attached to the glory.
Not how much I pray, not how much I read my Bible. What is attached to the glory? Because I want to see the light switch on.
And it's not about suffering in the flesh where you're going, 'Well, you know, God allowed cancer to be put on me to have the greater glory.'No, that's not what I'm talking about.
I'm talking about dying to self. 'Well, brother, he made me crippled, so he's teaching me.'No, that's not it.
No, God does not do that. He does not put sickness on you to teach you a lesson.
What kind of God would that be, knocking somebody in the head to do that?
Now, you say, 'What about Megan? What about Megan? Brandon, I'm the one that got the vaccination. It was my fault.
As a father, I was dumb and didn't study what I was injecting into my daughter with the flu shot, and she overcame.'And it's my fault.
Now, what the devil meant for bad, God will turn it around for good.
And yes, the refining has come off of that, off of my dumb decision because I opened the door.
But I still believe with all my heart God's a good God. It's okay.
Well, I didn't know because you talk about sensitive things on here and it's live, and I don't want to get in trouble.
But people vaccination-injured and all that stuff... But I know people go through stuff, folks.
We've been there. We live it. But I'm just so hungry for more. I want him to have more of me.
And the only way I know, because of Peter and all them, they went through heck. They went through...
But the glory was so strong on them that even their shadows passed by, and the glory of the Lord touched them and they got healed.
I thought, 'Lord, what does it take? What does it take to get this?'And that's when he started talking to me.
I was in prayer. I was in my prayer time, and he said to me, 'The glory is attached to refining. The glory is attached to refining, Braden.
Everything that you do in word and in deed, do all to the glory of God, but it's attached to the refining that you go through, through all those scriptures that Diana just read to you.'That's awesome that you found that that quick.
You keep my notes? I already love you. Hey, I've got a winner right here. I'm telling you, she is my friend.
But keeping those scriptures because it's attached to the refining, and most people don't want to hear that. And that's what he told me.
I saw him on the potter's wheel in the vision when I was praying this week, and they're all on the potter's wheel, and they're pushing on the clay.
He was pushing on it, and it seems tender, and you're going, 'Oh,'and they jump off the wheel. They go, 'I don't want to go through that.'Ah.
And then you go, 'But God, I want you to use me on a greater level.'And he's like, 'But it comes through refining on the potter's wheel.''But I don't want to be on the potter's wheel.''But you don't want the greater glory then.'So he puts you back on the potter's wheel and you go around a couple of times.
He pushes a little bit and you go, 'Ah!'You jump off and you go.
I just said, 'Keep pushing on this flesh until I become what is available for you to use, even if it makes me squirm.'And I'm telling you, at this level now of what God's done with us, it is even harder than it was as a janitor when they looked down at you as you were cleaning their waste, because your mind gets involved.
Your mind gets involved a lot more, and you start thinking you've got to always keep yourself small.
And that's why I'm just being real with y'all. I'm just being transparent. I'm trying to help you, so you go from glory to glory.
No matter how big Jesus uses you—like a Billy Graham level or a Reinhard Bonnke or whatever, you know what I'm saying, somebody who had millions of people watch them in an audience—it all comes through refining, is what I'm trying to tell you.
I'm talking about: it all comes from... It's the small foxes.
The Lord even showed me this: it's the small foxes that ruin the vine.
It's the little things. It's the small foxes. It's not the great big things.
You think it's the big thing. No, it's the small things. So, all right.
Did you put more water in my chicken? Yeah, you did. Just put some more in there. I know I had it on slow cook. No, you're good.
I just want to make sure because I know this is going way long and I was making sure it's all clean and going.
It's 11 o'clock. All right. Let's pray a little bit here. Okay. Did that help them? I don't know.
I try to tell them how I'm going through it, to make sure they're getting it.
So, if they can listen to me—man, if I can help them get through it so you don't have to live it.
I don't have anybody coaching me. You know, you got little pieces of puzzles and I grab from everybody I can.
And I'm going, 'If I can glean a little bit of this over here and I glean a little bit over here from this general or whoever...'and you go, 'Hey,'but there's not a lot of people just sitting down saying, 'Hey, I want to pour into you, Brandon.'You know what I'm saying?
I'm going to tell you, it has not been that way for Brandon Biggs.
Everybody's saying, 'We see your platform. We want to help you.'They don't.
Most people want to take from you, but the ones that you want to glean from don't have time for you.
And you go, 'Okay, that's fine. Die to it. I don't need the general to give me wisdom. I need Jesus.'Do you get what I'm saying?
I hope y'all are hearing me because a lot of you—I hear you in the emails and in person this week, saying, 'Please, please, please, please.'And I'm like, 'No, I didn't have nobody.
Nobody. Nobody was there.'We were sitting by ourselves for 10 years—10 years in our home, in an 800-square-foot house, watching YouTube videos, feeding ourselves.
And nobody was there. Nobody. Most people when we went in there, Megan was so disruptive they'd ask you to leave: 'Please take her out.
You're disrupting the service.'And she would wet on their chairs or do whatever, and you would go, 'Okay, what's even the point?
It's embarrassing.'And so, we just watched YouTube videos, read our Bibles together, and prayed, cultivating this by ourselves with nobody even caring most of the time.
They didn't even call and check on you. No family. No, it was terrible.
And you think, 'Well, I need this person to acknowledge me.'They won't.
And even at this level, they still don't. They still don't. They don't care.
And I'm not mad about it. It's okay because He is the one that's in control. Do you get that?
I try to help you all because you all believe, 'Well, when you get to this level, more people will pour into you and help you.'No. No, that's not true. No.
Jesus is there just like He was back in the 800-square-foot house, sitting on a couch, praying with snakes crawling in because you live in the poverty area and you think, 'Man, nobody cares,'and then Jesus comes and shows up.
It wasn't nobody that gave Brandon Biggs YouTube. I had people tip their hat toward me and say, 'Hey, we want to do a collab with you,'but once you get like 5,000 subscribers or whatever, it's Jesus.
Do you understand? So that's who will show up in your life. You don't need your pastor to tip his hat to you.
You don't need an evangelist. You don't need whoever. You just need to stay and do exactly whatever He says to do—do it.
Does that make sense to you? Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
Remember Mary told the people with the water pots—and she spoke to me, saying, 'Whatever He tells you to do, do it.'Well, how's He going to turn water into wine?
I don't know. But whatever He tells you to do, do it. He can take something and make it into a lot of something.
He can take the fish and the loaves and give twelve baskets of overflow.
When He tells you to give, give. When He tells you to sleep, sleep.
When He tells you to march, march. Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
Sit on the back row. 'Well, that don't make no sense. Don't you think I should be...'Nope.
Sit. Pray. 'Well, we got a seat.'Nope. Pray, fast. Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
It's the path to the greater glory. And I'm telling you, this is one of my things: my weight.
You want to talk about my greater glory, how to go there? Deal with your fat self.
I'm just being real with y'all. It's me. Hey, when I get under stress, I eat too many potato chips. I eat too much ice cream because it's a stress reliever.
And you think, because it's not sin in the natural—because you're not looking at bad stuff on the internet, you're not drinking, you're not cussing, you're not doing bad things—that that's okay because it qualifies.
But the Lord said, 'I want you to take better care of your health.
Stop eating all that fast food and the trash you put in there.'And I said, 'Where's the greater glory?''The refiner's fire is back there, buddy.
You remember when I told you to lose 80 pounds again?''Yeah, I remember that.''Well, your refiner's fire is your weight. You have an issue with potato chips.
You need to get that under control and get the Word underneath that.'And I say, 'Uh...'and I don't want any of y'all poking at me with an email saying, 'Brandon, you don't look like you lost weight.'I'm doing the best I can.
I'm working on it. I'm telling you, some people's refiner is different than others.
And you go, 'Well, I'm a fitness instructor. I don't have to.'Well, guess what? He's going to get you somewhere there.
If you want to go in the greater glory, your refiner—you probably have a pride problem, and He's going to tell you to go clean poop, too.
So, just telling you the truth. It's not something you're going to be good at.
It's something that makes you sharpen in that area. It could be pride.
It probably is for everybody. Yes, yes, that's what I'm trying to say.
He might tell you to do something else. I don't know. But whatever it is, do it and you'll go through the refiner.
So I say, 'Okay, Lord, here am I.'So I go and get my little Subway six-inch sub, or whatever I've got to have for the day.
And He said, 'I just want you to eat that many calories today.'I said, 'Lord, but the cookie people just sent some cookies in the mail.'And, you know, I got...
and I'm not kidding you, the devil sent those cookies. I know he did, because I made a covenant.
I told the Lord. And we got this big old box of cookies from some friends, and it was beautiful cookies. Really good ones. Gourmet.
And I was looking at it, and Diana goes, 'You'll never believe what's in that box after the conversation we had last night.'I said, 'What?'She goes, 'These are gourmet cookies.'And I go, 'Get thee behind me, Satan!'I tell you what, I was so irritated because I was looking at those, because it's my thing.
And I got this beautiful package, and they're sitting in there, and I thought, 'I cannot believe this.'But then I can, because it's the refining.
It's just being real with y'all. I try to... And those cookies are for the kids. Yeah. So, I said, 'Here, Paisley. Here, Megan.
If you want a little cookie every once in a while, here's you a cookie.'So, I'm not going to try to tell them to eat them all, but I'm just saying, it's the dealing with the greater glory.
So, there you go. I'm trying to help you. All right. Father, I just thank you for everything you do for us that takes us from glory to glory.
Father, every person who's here tonight has something they're going through.
And the refining changes them. And I thank you, Father, for the refining.
I thank you, Father, that just like we read in the Word, the refining takes us from glory to glory. Not anything else. It's the potter's will.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power will be known to Him and not of us.
So, Father, I thank You, Lord, for every single one of them tonight.
We lift them up before You, Father, that they go through what they need to go through, whatever their flesh is lacking in, Father, so that they're able to go from glory to glory with refining fire.
Father, I pray healing over their bodies tonight. I pray deliverance over their bodies.
Father, I thank You that by Your stripes they are healed, whole, and delivered in the name of Jesus. We thank You, Lord, that they're set free by the blood.
We thank You, Lord, that they're prosperous and everything they put their hands to, everything they touch is blessed—in the city, in the field, coming in, and going out.
I thank You, Lord, that this is a time like never before that they'll excel, that the sowers and the reapers will go hand in hand.
And we believe it, Father, that today's the day for great change.
We believe, Father, that their life is going to change on a dime.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for their marriages, Father, right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, their marriages are blessed, their marriages are strong, and, Father, they get along.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that they'll not have strife in their homes, that their homes are homes of peace, that they have great joy in their houses, and that, Father, in this time of the end times, Father, they're more heightened.
They're seeking You. They have eyes, and their antennas are up.
They're hearing You, and a stranger's voice they'll not follow.
We believe, Father, right now with them that they're hearing You in a greater capacity.
May the blood of Jesus Christ cover them, and everything they do, they do all to the glory of God.
Thank You, Father. We thank You, Lord. We thank You for our friends, for all the people that come and watch us on a day-to-day basis.
We thank You, Lord, that they spent their night with us and that they're expecting God to show up and show off in these last days.
As we see the eclipse tomorrow, Father, as we see this eclipse, we know this is a sign, for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is getting so close.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise. Father, we thank You. They're delivered in their bodies.
They're healed, whole, and well in everything they have need of in the name of Jesus.
How long has this been going? Two hours and 30 minutes. Two hours and 30 minutes.
We can do another one tomorrow. I should have prayed more, but I had things on my heart to talk about.
And you say, "You talked too much."Well, yeah, I probably did, but I want to pray more.
I should have prayed more, but now it's three hours. I know, I've got my chicken in there.
But we just want to tell you we love you. Thank you for joining us, talking, and hearing me ramble for two hours and 30 minutes.
Hopefully, you got something out of that. You know, I believe there's a lot there, that I fed you a lot really quick.
You know, you can use it, rewind it, and do whatever, and hopefully it changes you from glory to glory, because that's what I'm doing.
So, but we love you and pray. We're excited for all the salvations tonight, and we'll come back and pray probably tomorrow.
I know I was planning to dip in the river. I didn't. I know two and a half hours is a long time, but it's going on pretty late here.
But we love you all, and we're so grateful for every single one of you.
Thank you for being with us, and we'll come back again and do the prayer time, and next time I won't talk at all.
I'll just pray. Jesus loves you, and we love you. Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you. We love you. Bye-bye. And have a wonderful night. Bye-bye.